Bangkok is the world’s most visited city. 
Typing keyboards used to be arranged alphabetically.
We are born with only 2 natural fears: the fear of falling and the fear of loud sounds. 
Baked beans are not actually baked.
Antarctica is the only continent without any reptiles or snakes.
Video games help surgeons perform better. 
Tomato ketchup was used as medicine for 16 years. 
The brain is the fattest organ.
Australia has the most number of venomous snakes worldwide.
Dead people get goosebumps.
You can’t move or touch William Shakespeare’s bones.
"Digging a hole to China" is possible if you start in Argentina.
A snail can sleep for three years.
A musician named Jim Sullivan mysteriously disappeared 6 years after recording an album called “U.F.O.“
The name for the Pringles shape is a hyperbolic paraboloid.
There is McDonald’s in all continents except Antarctica.
At any point in time, 0.7% of the world’s population is drunk.
Sonic the Hedgehog isn’t his full name.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
Toilet paper in France is generally pink.
Artificial banana flavoring is based on an extinct banana.
Four out of the ten largest statues in the world are of Buddhas.
Squeaky floors were the best home security in 17th century Japan. 
Half of all bank robberies in the U.S. are done on a Friday.
Tinder made its first match in Antarctica in 2014. 
Men’s dress shirt collars used to be detachable.
The first novel in the world ended mid-sentence.
In 2014, a missing woman on a vacation in Iceland was found in a search party for herself.
Sneezing while traveling at 60 mph makes you close your eyes for 50 feet.
People don’t sneeze in their sleep.
If you make $1 every second, it will take you 2,921 years to be richer than Bill Gates.
February used to be the last month of the year.
Shoe shops used X-Ray machines to measure shoe sizes.
The Big Ben in London is leaning so much that the incline is visible to the naked eye.
Australia has the most beaches in the world. 
The national animal of Scotland is the Unicorn.
The directors of the film Despicable Me wrote their own language for the Minions.
Alaska had a cat mayor.
There is an island in the Bahamas with only pigs as residents.
Eating polar bear liver can kill a human being.
Insects are attracted to light because of the moon.
Lobster used to be considered the cockroach of the ocean. 
DreamWorks studios was created by a former Disney employee. 
Australia has a bright pink lake.
Netflix spent $0 on marketing its DVD rental business, but over 6 million people still used it.
Spiked and studded dog-collars were an Ancient Greek invention.
A full jumbo jet tank has enough fuel to drive a car around the world four times.
Artist Salvador Dali would get out of paying at restaurants by drawing on the checks. 
Jellyfish almost caused mass nuclear explosions in 2013. 
A seaman once set a ship on fire to get out of work early. 
Tea bags were an accidental invention.
Your heart beats 100,000 times a day.
J is the only letter that doesn’t appear on the periodic table.
A man once won a horse race after he died. 
At birth, baby pandas are smaller than mice.
Jack Daniel was believed to die from kicking a safe.
A coffee taster has his tongue insured for £10 million.
Herring fish communicate by farting.
A kimono literally translates to “thing to wear.”
Scientists grew a human tooth from scratch using pee.
Tic Tacs got their name from the sound they make.
You could go to jail for collecting eagle feathers in the U.S.
78% of NFL players undergo financial crisis by 2 years of retirement.
Moon Trees are a thing. 
A filmmaker once created a 10-hour “film” of paint drying.
During the first 5 months of Pokémon Go, gaming-related accidents increased by 26.5%. 
If you ate nothing but rabbit meat, you would die from protein poisoning. 
Hundreds of rare animals and plants thrive in the North Korea-South Korea border. 
The tongue is the only muscle in the body attached from one end.
In a conversation, each speaker’s “turn” is 2 seconds, with intervals between turns only 200 milliseconds.
Sleep literally cleanses your brain. 
Sudan has the most pyramids out of any country.
The Lego Group is the most powerful brand in the world. 
Mr. and Mrs. came from the words master and mistress.
The only difference between kosher salt and table salt is the grain size. 
Humans specifically have eyes that face forward for the purpose of seeing in 3D. 
The founder of Pringles, Fredric Baur, requested to be buried in a Pringles can. 
The sound of a Star Wars lightsaber is the combined sound of a film projector and noise from an old TV.
Humans can’t taste food without saliva.
There’s a plankton that reverses your feeling of hot and cold. 
You can eat the stickers on fruit. 
Scientists don’t know what causes the shower-curtain effect.
The Chanel double C was the first designer logo of all time. 
Giraffes have less neck bones than a sloth.
The word “friends” is said in every episode of Friends.
Manatees can get cold stress.
Not sporty? Try aggressive sitting. 
27,000 trees are cut per day for the world’s toilet paper.
May 22nd is the least common birth date. 
No one knows for sure how dinosaurs mate. 
Airport runway numbers actually indicate the direction on a compass.
Hershey’s Kisses were named that after the kissing sound the chocolate makes on the conveyor belt.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
Penguins can jump as high as 9 feet in the air.
Polar bears aren’t purely left-handed.
A frog can throw up an entire organ.
The legs of a bat are so thin, they can’t walk.
The katydid bug hears through holes in its hind legs.
Slugs only have one nose. 
A shrimp's heart is in its head.
Chickens are eaten for their whole life cycle.
Sharks can “blink” and “wink”.
Toilets usually flush in E flat.
A raisin dropped in fresh champagne will keep bouncing up and down from the bottom to the top of the glass.
It takes 142.18 licks to reach the center of a Tootsie pop.
Human birth control pills work on gorillas.
When the first Star Wars movie came out, France was still executing people with the guillotine. 
Queen Elizabeth II owns the swans in England.
During World War II, the Oscar awards were made of painted plaster.
For every non-porn webpage, there are five porn pages.
Napoléon Bonaparte’s penis was stolen.
M&M’s stands for “Mars & Murrie’s.” 
Millions of trees were estimated to be planted by squirrels that forgot their buried nuts.
A pound of houseflies contains more protein than a pound of beef.
Cats sleep for ⅔ of their lives.
Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho was the first American film to show a toilet being flushed on screen.
The Eiffel Tower leans away from the sun.
A laughing epidemic made 14 schools close in East Africa.
The youngest parents in the world were aged 8 and 9. 
During WWI, Kotex was first manufactured as bandages. 
Drinking coffee in Turkey was once punishable by death.
The Speaker of the House isn’t allowed to speak in England.
Crocodile poop was the first contraceptive. 
The youngest Pope elected was 11 years old.
Only 2 countries don’t sell Coca-Cola.
The Paris Agreement on climate change was signed by the largest number of countries ever in one day.
The world's quietest room is located at Microsoft's headquarters in Washington state.
Only 3 countries don’t use the metric system.
President Bush was re-elected by less than 31% of all eligible voters in the United States.
Wayne's World was filmed in two weeks.
Dodge made the first engines used by Ford. 
In Ancient Egypt , priests plucked their bodies bald.
The population of the United States increases by one person every 12 seconds. 
Toto was paid $125 per week while filming The Wizard of Oz.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
Frankenstein is a vegetarian.
The Terminator script was sold for a dollar.
Computer mouse speed is measured in "Mickeys."
Pigeon poop is property of the British royal family.
Ancient Egyptians slept on pillows made of stone. 
The microwave oven was another accidental invention.
In Elizabethan England, the spoon was so novel and prized that people carried their own folding spoons to banquets.
Millie the White House dog earned more than four times as President Bush in 1991.
Nebraskan drivers had the flashiest traffic situation back then.
Over 70% of people would reveal their passwords for chocolate.
A Boeing 747 airliner is made of over 6,000,000 separate parts.
The word "testify" is based on… testes?
“Pants” used to be a dirty word.
Palindromes are the most difficult kind of phrase to form.
The oceans contain 200,000 different kinds of viruses.
The tallest tower of cupcakes ever made is over 35 feet.
The biggest grill out of all time had 394 people grilling meat. 
The average person will spend six months of their life waiting for red lights to turn green.
A single lightning bolt has enough energy to toast 100,000 slices of bread.
A blue whale's heartbeat can be heard from two miles away.
The Netherlands has a squirrel bridge.
Subway footlongs don’t measure a foot long.
Marie Curie's belongings still have radioactive residue in present day.
The Canary Islands are named after dogs, not birds.
The Netherlands has the tallest population.
Indonesia has the shortest population. 
Tom Hanks was not paid for Forrest Gump.
Arnold Schwarzenegger once forgot to take off the Terminator look. 
The sound of the automatic doors opening on the U.S.S. Enterprise is made by a toilet. 
Will Smith wanted to adopt the German Shepherd in I Am Legend.
Henry Cavill’s muscles are the real deal.
The Titanic film runs for as long as the ship sunk.
Sylvester Stallone landed in the I.C.U. while filming Rocky. 
Brad Pitt and Edward Norton actually learned how to make soap in Fight Club.
Brendan Fraser almost died filming The Mummy. 
Arnold Schwarzenegger practiced with guns every day for a month to prepare for The Terminator. 
Daniel Kaluuya was given the lead role on the spot after nailing his audition. 
Michael Fassbender had makeup artists put alcohol on his mustache for a role. 
The Kingsman underwater scene was not scripted.
The creators of Stranger Things wanted to direct the It remake. 
There were 25 snakes found on The Maze Runner set.
Crushed vitamins have been used for cocaine scenes in movies. 
Nestlé supplied 1,850 bars of real chocolate for Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
Hugh Jackman went 36 hours without water for Les Miserables.
Jim Caviezel was struck by lightning while playing Jesus in The Passion Of The Christ.
Victorians said "prunes" when taking pictures.
The foil seals on medicine bottles were placed due to poisoning incidents.
North Koreans are shorter than South Koreans. 
Indians read the most out of any nationality.
 A pig was once held in trial for the death of a child. 
You could buy a town from eBay.
Doritos are flammable. 
Starbucks flopped in Australia.
Glaciers make sounds. 
The first roller coaster was invented to stop sinful behavior.
Your nails grow at the same time as continental plates drift.
The longest location name on the planet is 85 letters long.
The people who are currently alive are only 7% of the total number of people who have ever lived.
Muhammad is the most popular name in the world.
There are more than 24 time zones around the world.
Sweden has the most islands of any country.
The red-billed quelea is the most common bird on Earth.
The hashtag symbol is called an octothorpe.
The longest wedding veil was longer than 63 football fields.
No real astronaut ever said, "Houston, we have a problem," 
The lyrebird can make chainsaw sounds. 
9% of Americans have phobias. 
Elvis only won 3 Grammys.
Cornell University offers a wine course. 
The Krusty Krab restaurant is a lobster trap.
The Hulk was supposed to be grey.
The Flintstones was the highest-earning network cartoon franchise for 30 years.
Walt Disney hated Goofy.
The place that cartoon characters store things, just to pull out of thin air, is known as “Hammerspace”.
Superman used to leap places instead of flying. 
The longest-running primetime animated series is the Simpsons, which began in 1987.
Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse were married in real life. 
The Pokemon Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan are based on Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan.
All the Professors in Pokemon have been named after trees.
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs was the first American film to have a soundtrack.
The Little Mermaid was Disney’s first princess movie in 30 years. 
Jackie Chan voiced the Beast in the Chinese dub of The Beauty And The Beast.
The Lion King was the first original Disney movie. 
Bees bite. 
Kids ask about 300 questions a day.
T-shirts were originally made for unmarried men who didn't know how to sew buttons on collared shirts.
All Froot Loops have the same flavor.
Before the 1800s, people slept in batches.
Cows have "best friends" and will get stressed when separated. 
New Zealanders have more pets per household than any other country.
 The design for the seatbelts we use now was given away by Volvo. 
Kea parrots laugh together when they're in a good mood.
Flyting was the original rap battle.
The Russians showed up 12 days late to the 1908 Olympics.
In Japan, letting a sumo wrestler make your baby cry is considered good luck.
Black cats are good luck in Britain and Japan.
Ben & Jerry learned how to make ice cream from a $5 course at Penn State.
 The the official plural form of a Prius is Prii.
Dogs can understand up to 250 words and gestures. 
Goats have rectangular pupils.
Wasting food is illegal for supermarkets in France.
A baby can cost new parents 750 hours of sleep.
A grumble is a group of pugs.
Garfield used to own G-Mail.
Crayola is literally "oily chalk." 
Abraham Lincoln was a wrestling champion.
Queen Elizabeth II has had over 30 corgis in her lifetime.
Relative to their bodies, Chihuahuas have the biggest brain in the dog world.
Elvis Presley's manager sold hate merch for profit.
Avocados never ripen on the tree.
 At the Humane Society of Missouri, kid volunteers comfort anxious shelter dogs by reading to them.
China owns all of the pandas in the world. 
Penguins used to be 6 feet tall.
A scientific calculator is 6 times more powerful than the Apollo 11 computer.
Humans shed 18 kg of skin in their lifetime.
The "Like" button on Facebook was supposed to be the "Awesome" button.
Human fingers are really sensitive. 
Humans are genetically related to bananas.
Our sense of smell and taste decrease by 20%-50% during flights.
There are more atoms in a glass of water than glasses of water you could fill with all the oceans of the Earth.
 Bubble wrap was originally designed to be used as wallpaper.
Your body replaces all its particles every seven years. 
The world's longest musical piece lasts 639 years.
Neptune was the first planet that was discovered before being seen through a telescope.
You're more likely to become President than you are to win the lottery.
There’s only one letter that doesn’t appear in any U.S. state name.
Samsung tests phone durability with a butt robot.
Armadillos have bulletproof shells. 
Kleenex tissues were supposed to be for gas masks.
Blue whales eat 500,000 calories in 1 mouthful.
The tiny pocket in jeans is for pocket watches.
NASA can “fax” tools to astronauts
Only ¼ of the Sahara Desert is sandy.
2 parts of the human body never stop growing.
No number contains the letter A before 1,000.
Mercedes invented a joystick-controlled car.
The CIA headquarters Starbucks doesn’t put names on the cups.
The Eiffel Tower grows during the summer.
Bees can fly higher than Mount Everest.
Humans have jumped further than horses in the Olympics.
A waffle iron inspired one of the first iconic Nike shoes.
Glitter was invented by a farmer. 
Abraham Lincoln used to be a bartender.
Beethoven never studied multiplication or division.
Aquariums were supposed to be for cows. 
An espresso maker has been sent to space.
Apple Inc. was founded on April Fool’s.
Wild boars wash their food.
Baseball umpires used to sit in rocking chairs.
The first commercial airplane flight lasted 23 minutes.
The French Scrabble World Champion doesn’t speak French
A U.K. woman has called 911 because of ice cream.
The British Empire was the largest empire in the world. 
Turtles can talk to each other.
170 year-old champagne was found under the Baltic Sea. 
Nikola Tesla did not like pearls.
Brad Pitt injured his Achilles heel while playing Achilles.
Martin Luther King Jr. had a C in public speaking.
Bees can make different colors of honey.
The Pope can’t donate organs.
A one-armed player scored the winning goal in the first World Cup.
The stick is the world’s first toy. 
The first baby stroller was pulled by animals. 
Ancient Egyptians used dead mice for toothaches.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a “Friday the 13th”.
Disneyland serves 2.8 million churros a year. 
Yellow and red stimulates hunger.
There are over 100 ways to cook an egg.
Red is the first color a baby sees.
Mozart once sold more CDs than Beyoncé.
The filmmakers of Saw paid for Jigsaw to have its own seat.
Color blind people have better night vision.
The close door button on an elevator doesn’t do anything.
The Jaws shark is named Bruce.
White chocolate isn’t actually chocolate.
"Scraunched" is the longest word with one syllable.
A lit candle creates 1 million tiny diamonds per second. 
Coffee beans can cure bad breath. 
Flowers grow faster with music.
‘Metrophobia’ is the fear of poetry.
Andy’s dad from Toy Story was not animated due to budgeting concerns.
The first morse code message was, "What hath God Wrought."
Crayola’s “Flesh” color was renamed Peach.
The average person spends 60% of a conversation talking about themselves.
Blue is the most common favorite color worldwide.
Yellow is the most common highlighter color.
You can survive solely on potatoes and butter.
An awkward silence takes 4 seconds to be considered awkward.
Cashews are a fruit. 
18 newborns can be switched at birth daily.
Most of your house dust is your dead skin.
The name ‘Adidas’ comes from Adolf (Adi) Dassler (Das).
Hamburgers weren’t named after ham.
Fire moves faster uphill. 
Cheddar cheese is not really orange.
The feeling of falling when half asleep is called a ‘hypnic jerk.’
Prescription bottles are tinted to prevent spoiling.
Elephants are pregnant for 2 years.
Swearing can relieve pain.
Apollo 11 only had 20 seconds of fuel when it landed.
People used bread as an eraser before.
Baby rabbits are not called kittens.
A classic violin is made with 70 different pieces of wood.
People born blind experience dreams of emotions, sounds and smells instead of images.
Flamin' Hot Cheetos once made parents panic.
Margarine used to be pink.
Films used to be hand-painted to have color.
Oprah's name isn't Oprah. 
Pencil means “paintbrush.”
The oldest surviving pencil was from the 1600s. 
Machu Picchu is 100% handmade.
Sleeping on your front can help with digestion.
Musicians have shorter lifespans.
Singing in a group boosts one’s mood.
The longest-reigning King in the UK was George III. 
The human attention span is now shorter than a goldfish’s.
Birds have hollow bones which help them fly.
Talking in your sleep is known as somniloquy.
All your hair is dead.
Leonardo Da Vinci only has 15 existing paintings.
Shoes can take up to 1,000 years to break down. 
8 million tons of garbage are added in the ocean per year.
Talking uses 100 muscles.
10 Google searches can power a 60-watt light bulb. 
Beer is the most popular alcoholic drink in the world. 
It took 12 years to paint Mona Lisa’s lips.
The first cell phone call was made in 1973. 
70% of cell phones are manufactured in China.
The Fender Guitar company makes 90,000 guitar strings a day.
The inventor of the television banned TV from his home.
90% of the Earth’s organisms are insects.
Back in Medieval Times, bedrooms weren’t private.
Cookie Monster’s real name is Sid.
Cleopatra was not Egyptian. 
Newborns can’t cry. 
The human brain is the only brain that shrinks with age. 
Bananas don’t have seeds.
A woman once survived falling from an airplane at 33,000 ft high.
There’s a fish that can survive out of water for 2 years.
Baseball fans eat enough hotdogs to stretch from Illinois to Los Angeles.
6.5 trillion cigarettes are sold worldwide per year.
Farmers plant tall, dense trees on the edges of farms. 
Almost 1.25 million people die in road accidents every year.
Bad feelings are good for you.
The lungs are the only organs that can float on water.
Your lungs could cover an entire tennis court.
Venus Williams hit the fastest serve in women’s tennis at 205 km/h.
Every odd number has an “e” in it.
Wood was the first art medium.
Some bees don’t make honey.
A children’s hospital owns the rights to Peter Pan.
Clothes can take 40 years to decompose. 
Some hospitals have beer.
The oldest customer service complaint was from 4,000 years ago.
Malls and casinos fool us with the Gruen Transfer.
The Chinese invented paper currency.
The Saturday before Christmas is the busiest shopping day of the year.
Women were only allowed to wear shorts in public after WWII.
A cotton shirt takes 700 gallons of water to make. 
Purple was a royal color in Rome.
The first pair of Doc Martens were made of tires.
People who collect ties are called grabatologists.
Babies cry 1 to 3 hours each day.
The Great Wall of China was built with rice.
Rubber bands will last much longer when they are refrigerated. 
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar. 
The Grand Theft Auto franchise has lawsuits that total over $1 billion.
All clocks in Pulp Fiction are set to 4:20.
The eye of an ostrich is bigger than its brain.
A dime has 118 ridges on its edge.
On average, a secretary will use its left hand for 56% of what they type on a keyboard.
The largest pair of eyes in the world belongs to the giant squid. 
The Pokemon Rhydon was the first to ever be created. 
Super Mario Land was the most popular game on the Game Boy during its release. 
The dot over the small letter 'i' is called a title. 
Japan has 23 vending machines per person.
Soccer balls were once used for playing basketball. 
A candle’s flame is hot and blue in zero gravity.
Putting sugar on a cut will make it heal faster. 
X-rays can’t detect real diamonds.
There are 7 different types of twins.
The national flag of Libya was formerly just the color green.
The plastic tips of shoelaces are called aglets.
Sign language has tongue twisters. 
Penguins fly underwater.
Minnie the Mouse’s first name is not Minnie.
Rudolph the Reindeer is female. 
A jiffy is a proper unit of time. 
April 11, 1954, was recorded as the most boring day in the world. 
Tiramisu translates to ‘take me to heaven’ in Italian.
Buttermilk does not contain any butter.
Brunch was invented as a way of curing hangovers. 
Hitler’s nephew betrayed him.
The continental plates move at the same rate that fingernails grow. 
Sailors working for the Royal Navy need special permission to grow their beards. 
There are fewer stars than there are trees on Earth.
Mary and James are the most popular names around the world.
Children are born less frequently on Saturdays. 
Danish mothers are known to be the most hardworking moms in the world.
75 burgers are sold in McDonald’s every second. 
1,700 people become millionaires every day in the U.S.
 You can’t hum while holding your nose.
You are more likely to have a weird or scary dream when sleeping on your stomach.
Your eyeballs do not grow or change their size as you age. 
Blue-eyed people have higher alcohol tolerance.
Pubic hair lives for about 3 weeks long.
Male bees can only mate once. 
Smelling green apples help with weight loss.
A snail has 2,500 teeth.
You can die from staying up for two weeks straight.
Pigeons can't fart. 
Space partly smells like diesel fuel and barbeque. 
One strand of hair can hold up to 3 ounces of weight. 
Watching horror movies before viewing abstract art will enhance the experience.
Children’s book author, Roald Dahl was a spy. 
NASCAR drivers lose weight while racing. 
Indians read the most in the world.
Cap'n Crunch was once sued for not using real berries.
Cap'n Crunch's full name is Horatio Magellan Crunch.
The most widely printed book in the world is the catalog for IKEA. 
Crocodiles are one of the planet’s oldest living creatures. 
The Aurora Borealis has a sister phenomenon. 
The salty taste of bacon isn’t natural.
There was a fifth member of the Beatles. 
Apple once had a clothing line.
3 Musketeer chocolate bars used to have 3 flavors. 
You cannot crack your knuckles. 
The bones of the human body can multiply in density.
Your funny bone is a nerve. 
A french pig was executed for killing a child. 
Pineapples are named after pinecones. 
Scotland has over 400 words to refer to snow. 
There are more than 200 flavors of Kit Kat in Japan.
New Zealand was once auctioned on eBay. 
There is a city in Oregon called Boring. 
Leeches were used to predict the weather.
The ‘?!’ punctuation mark has a term.
Only owning one guinea pig is illegal in Switzerland. 
A man in Florida once threw a live alligator through a drive-thru window.
Great Britain once had a number where you can report rogue traffic cones. 
The largest recorded snowflake is 15 inches wide.
McDonald’s once had bubblegum flavored broccoli.
American Airlines saved money by getting rid of olives from their meals.
‘OMG’ was first used in a letter to Winston Churchill in 1917.
Sailors consider black cats good luck.
A janitor invented the flaming hot Cheetos.
North Korean teachers were required to play the accordion.
Melting glaciers make fizzy noises. 
Male students attending Brigham Young University cannot grow beards. 
A pistol can only be used by one hand.
Black taxis in London are tall for a reason.
Flipping a shark will render it temporarily immobile. 
The largest living organism is an aspen grove. 
Someone will write and recite a poem at your funeral if you die in the Netherlands. 
Alan Shepard played golf on the moon.
Ioannis Ikonomou has been the chief translator of the European Parliament since 2002.
Kummerspeck is German for the weight gained during emotional eating. 
SEARS once sold houses. 
An encrypted monument stands outside of the CIA headquarters in Virginia. 
Cold water is just as cleansing as hot water. 
David Bowie helped topple the Berlin wall. 
Tap water in Manhattan is not Kosher. 
A park ranger from the U.S was once hit by lightning 7 times. 
The fedora was originally a hat made for women.
The story of Beauty and the Beast was aimed to make women open to arranged marriages. 
Timothy Leary escaped prison. 
Bottled water has an expiration date. 
Many pets from the U.S run away on July 4th. 
Queen Elizabeth cannot sit on the Iron Throne. 
Incan people used knots to keep track of records.
Monty Python has one of the most requested songs for funerals in England. 
The state of Virginia may contain hidden treasure.
Fake ambulances are hired in Russia by the wealthy.
Most businesses do not see the practicality of having diaper tables. 
The world’s most successful pirate was a woman. 
The KKK was taken down with help from Superman.
The Baseball Hall of Fame had a secret inductee. 
Milk wagons are the reason why we have roadway lines.
The most successful predator is a wild dog. 
A man was once saved by a sea lion.
Saliva can be used to monitor alcohol intake.
The world’s largest pyramid cannot be found in Egypt.
Some pandas fake a pregnancy to get better healthcare. 
Cacti come in many different colors other than green. 
The inventor of the frisbee became a frisbee himself.
Dolphins have names.
One species of ants can only be found in Manhattan, New York.
Around 30,000 rubber ducks were lost at sea in 1992.
Charles Darwin’s pet turtle outlived him.
Losing weight alters brain activity.
The folds in a chef’s hat represents the number of ways you can cook an egg.
Cactus spines can be used to make hooks.
Depending on how they descend, waterfalls have different classifications. 
Neil Armstrong never said ‘That's one small step for man’.
The odds of getting a royal flush is 1 in 649,740.
Driving south from Detroit will lead to Canada. 
More people speak English as their second language than those who use it as their mother tongue.
Sleep deprivation makes it harder to lose weight.
The world’s largest single drop waterfall is the Kaieteur Falls. 
Your teeth are unique.
The most popular state bird is the Northern cardinal.
Triskaidekaphobia is the fear of the number 13.
A single dollar bill costs 5 cents to make.
Baby sea otters are unable to swim.
Snakes can predict earthquakes. 
The King of Hearts is the only King without a mustache. 
Only two diseases have been completely eradicated. 
The only English word that ends with ‘mt’ is Dreamt. 
May 29th is Put a Pillow on Your Fridge Day. 
The opposite sides of dice will always equal 7.
The metal studs found on denim jeans serve a particular purpose. 
The average adult spends more time on the toilet than exercising. 
About 7% of American adults believe chocolate milk comes from brown cows.
Cats can't taste sweet flavors. 
Bananas get their curved shape by growing towards the sun.
Your fingernails on your dominant hand grow faster. 
Apple seeds contain cyanide.
Frigate birds can sleep while flying.
Only one capital in the U.S has no McDonald’s.
People used to answer the phone with “ahoy”.
Playing dance music helps ward off mosquitoes. 
Billy goats urinate on their heads to become more attractive. 
Movie trailers were originally shown after the movie.
Among all the Disney princesses, Mulan has the highest kill count.
Pinocchio cannot say ‘my nose will grow now’.
You are 13.8% more likely to die on your date of birth.
Alaska is the only state whose name is on a single row on the keyboard.
Many oranges are green. 
Vantablack has a trademark.
A man once set a record by putting on over 260 t-shirts. 
Queen Elizabeth is a trained mechanic. 
Optical illusions can be found at the bottom of the sea. 
123456 is the most common password. 
The average American spends 2.5 days annually looking for lost items.
Technicolored squirrels roam the lands of Southern India. 
Basenji dogs can't bark.
Dragonflies can’t walk.
Space travel makes mice run in circles. 
The chicken is the closest relative to the T-Rex. 
Two-thirds of millennials go to sleep naked. 
Sloths hold their breaths longer than dolphins. 
More monopoly money is printed annually rather than actual currency.
‘Schoolmaster’ is an anagram of ‘the classroom’.
Ravens are always aware when someone is watching them.
An eagle is capable of killing a young deer and flying away with it. 
Baby spiders are called spiderlings. 
A palindrome is a sentence that is the same when read backward and forwards.
The roar of a lion can be heard up to 5 miles away. 
The average male will become bored after 26 minutes of shopping.
The U.S. Navy uses Xbox controllers for their periscopes. 
There is a species of spider dubbed the ‘hobo spider’.
Baby octopuses are the size of a flea. 
The premiere of the TV reality show ‘16 and pregnant’ helped lower the rate of teen pregnancy.
Up to 20% of power outages in the U.S are due to squirrels. 
95% of people text things that they would never say in person.
The Mayo Clinic made glow in the dark cats while trying to find a cure for AIDS. 
The Antarctic glaciers are made up of 3% penguin urine.
Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter are banned in China.
Honeybees can recognize human faces.
The happiest prisoner on death row had an IQ of 46.
Violin bows are made from horsehair.
IKEA is an acronym.
Stephen Hawking held a reception for time travelers in 2009.
A Norwegian Island made dying illegal.
People who post their fitness routine on social media are more likely to have psychological problems. 
Dr Pepper does not have a period.
There is an underwater version of rugby.
You can burn calories just by standing. 
Mice typically only live for 6 months in the wild.
The backward punctuation mark is used to identify sarcasm.
If a body is too obese, it can cause complications when being cremated.
Flossing your teeth improves memory.
A common souvenir people bring from the U.S are red solo cups.
St. Lucia is the only country that is named after a woman. 
Ben & Jerry’s made a graveyard for their former flavors. 
Pluto was one temporarily closer to the sun than Neptune.
About $3.70 is given to an American child per tooth they lose.
There is a scientific term for brain freezes. 
Only one letter in the English alphabet cannot be found on the periodic table.
The calling shotgun for the front passenger seat comes from a messenger.
A single strand of spaghetti is individually referred to as spaghetto. 
Pointing your car keys to your head helps you find your car faster. 
The fat Buddha statue and in pictures is not Buddha himself. 
A jockey from 1923 managed to finish a race after dying.
The largest prime number has 17,425,170 digits. 
The largest grand piano in the world was built by a teenager.
A Polish doctor once faked an outbreak to keep the Nazi’s away.
The 1996 film called Scream increased the usage of caller IDs in the U.S.
The spiked dog collars are meant to protect their necks from attacks. 
Jack Daniels died from a toe injury.
The boss in Metal Gear Solid 3 takes a week to beat. 
The correct English translation for Jesus is Joshua.
The first service animals were established in Germany.
The planet was named Pluto thanks to an 11-year-old girl.
Around 50% of the mined gold on Earth comes from one source. 
12 plants and 5 animals make up 75% of diets around the world.
Shakira was rejected from her elementary choir group. 
Minnesota has the world’s quietest room. 
The Japanese have its own word for book hoarders. 
Every decade, brain fibers lose 10% of their strength.
The happiest countries in the world have the highest antidepressant consumers.
The official language of Ireland is not the most spoken in the country.
Sourtoe cocktails are served in Yukon.
The release of Pokemon GO increased game-related accidents by 26.5%.
Mexican prisons do not punish you for non-violent attempts to escape. 
A BBC radio announcer once stated that they did not have any news. 
Starfishes do not have blood. 
The most mathematical flag in the world belongs to Nepal.
It did not take more than $1M to build Mt. Rushmore.
Samsung translates to ‘three stars’ in Korean.
Geckos eat the skin they shed. 
The U.S. government issued Santa Claus a pilot’s license.
Polar bears charge at a group of walruses while hunting. 
You are able to become less depressed if you stay up. 
Adult cats will only meow at humans.
There are more possible arrangements in shuffling a deck of cards than there are stars in the sky. 
Therapy has been found to be least effective at battling depression compared to playing video games. 
Bi-weekly has two connotations. 
In 1911, the Mona Lisa was stolen from the Louvre. 
The human vagina always holds a small amount of yeast.
Connecticut accidentally issued an Emergency Evacuation Alert in 2005.
Russians believe that eating ice cream will keep you warm. 
Lemurs were one the size of gorillas. 
Adding all the numbers on a roulette wheel will equivalent to 666.
The day after Thanksgiving is the busiest day for American plumbers. 
Mount Everest is not the tallest mountain in our solar system.
Russell Horning is famous on the internet as the Backpack Kid.
The oldest currency in the world is the British pound.
The Great Pyramid of Giza has more than four sides. 
The only innate fear we have at birth is the fear of falling and loud noises. 
The average horse is capable of 746 watts of power. 
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is tilted due to the soil at its base. 
Slavery was once legal in Mauritania. 
England and Portugal still maintain their alliance until today. 
Garlic is known to attract leeches.
Uranus takes 84 years to orbit the sun.
A shape with 26 sides is known as a rhombicuboctahedron. 
Applying equal pressure on an egg will prevent it from breaking. 
There are over 6,000 species of grass. 
The Earth holds about 11 quintillion pounds of air. 
There is a term for a person that is perpetually afraid of being late. 
The queens in ant colonies live for around 30 years. 
The map size in GTA V is twice the actual size of Manhattan. 
The paint on the Eiffel tower is equivalent to ten elephants. 
The largest living thing on Earth is a tree. 
You can fit about 400 grapevines in one acre of land.
Multiplying 1089 by 9 will give you the same numbers in reverse. 
August 17th celebrates Black Cat Appreciation Day. 
Eminem’s ‘Rap God’ holds the world record for the most words in a hit single.
A British scientist studying chocolate has her taste buds insured. 
The Titanic included dogs as their passengers. 
China has a series of underground tunnels.
Pitbulls are ranked as the most affectionate breed of dogs.
Tanning beds increase your risk of developing melanoma. 
One of the cleanest dog breeds in the world are poodles. 
Owls have specialized feathers. 
The human brain uses 20% of the oxygen in your body.
Staying in a negative relationship can lower your immune system.
The insect population of the world is 1 billion times more than the world population.
People once believed that chewing on tree bark will keep your gums healthy.
Kangaroos never stop growing. 
Red blood cells circulate your body at an amazing speed. 
The flashes of light when you rub your eyes are called phosphenes. 
Cordozar Calvin Broadus Jr. is Snoop Dog’s real name. 
Fat or carbs don’t make you fat. 
Foods that are gluten-free does not mean its healthy.
Drinks that include sugar are the most fattening. 
Not all vegetable oils are healthy.
The human body is managed by beneficial bacteria. 
Artificial trans fats should not be consumed by humans. 
Cholesterol itself is not harmful to you. 
You can get addicted to junk food.
Eggs are high in nutrients.
New foods may lead to the development of new health risks. 
There is no need to eat every other hour. 
Red meat cannot rot inside the colon of a human.
Health claims on packaging are often misleading
Low-fat diets are not healthy.
Your weight is not directly correlated with your health status. 
People with type 2 diabetes are resistant to insulin. 
Fruit juice is the same as soda. 
Supplements marketed for weight loss often does nothing. 
Counting every single calorie is not necessary. 
There is no such thing as the perfect diet. 
Vegetables are your body’s best friend. 
Supplements cannot provide the full benefits that real foods provide. 
Diets are not effective. 
Processed foods lack major nutrients. 
Vitamin D is an essential part of your health. 
The human body depends on fats for body heat. 
Moderated consumption of sodium helps regulate blood pressure. 
Regular water intake is essential for the human body. 
Moderation is healthy and acceptable. 
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. 
Introducing children to good nutrition at a young age helps them develop healthy eating habits. 
Avocados have more fat than any other fruit. 
The Miracle fruit contains Miraculin. 
Raw spinach will have the same amount of protein as a sirloin steak. 
The skin of apple contains most of its nutrients. 
Drinking tea can help prevent scurvy.
‘Needing to intake 8 glasses of water a day’ is not the complete statement. 
Amaranth was once used by the Aztecs as their primary diet.
Coffee flour made from coffee cherries are high in fiber. 
California has the highest milk standards out of all the states in America. 
Females absorb more Vitamin D than men.
The earliest signs of scurvy have been dated back to 1550 B.C.
Las Vegas has a service that helps you with your hangovers. 
Brain damage can be a sign of over consumption of alcohol.
Many studies have not found connections to Vitamin C and the prevention of colds.
Calcium supplements should not be taken without Vitamin K. 
Eating kiwifruit’s skin is healthy.
The Black Sapote is low in fat.
Blood can be used as a substitute for eggs when baking. 
The liver of a polar bear can kill a human adult.
The white spots on your fingernails are nothing to worry about. 
Vegetables such as broccoli, parsley, and brussels sprouts have more Vitamin C than oranges. 
All animals can make Vitamin C in their bodies. 
Potatoes are one of the most beneficial root vegetables you can consume.
Golden rice is a genetically engineered Vitamin A rich strain of rice. 
Vitamins are short for Vital Amines. 
Individuals who drink whole milk are less likely to be fat. 
Milk can help lower anxiety and depression.
TRPM8 is what causes the brain to think something is colder after intaking mint. 
Oranges are not the most common source for Vitamin C.
Vitamin A enriched rice was developed over 15 years ago.
All the essential amino acids can be found in the leaves of the Moringa tree. 
There are over 50,000 different types of edible plants on the planet. 
The ‘% Daily Value’ on nutrition labels has not been updated since 1968.
About 20% or more calories collectively consumed by people come from one source. 
A pound of spinach will have the same amount of calories as two oreo cookies.
The average medieval peasant consumed more calories than modern man today.
Unfrosted pop tarts will have more calories. 
Eating celery sticks will result in negative calories. 
Beef is rich in zinc and vitamins.
Chocolate is good for the skin.
Avocados, almonds, and arugula can improve your sex drive. 
Oatmeal can make your body produce serotonin.
Your body takes hours to digest the food you eat. 
The saying ‘An apple a day keeps the doctor away’ is true. 
The healthiest fat that can be found in food is in extra virgin olive oil. 
Walking at a face pace is good for your health.
Losing a pound of fat requires you to burn 3,500 calories. 
Regular physical activity can reduce back pain. 
Eggs contain healthy amino acids.
Dehydration can cause you to become irritable and moody.
Eating nuts are incredibly nutritional despite the fat. 
Fatty fish are a good source of protein.
Overcooked meat is unhealthy.
Alcohol is beneficial.
Herbs have many health benefits. 
High potassium diets can improve and maintain blood pressure. 
The healthiest citrus fruit is the grapefruit. 
Foods with folic acids help the body form red blood cells. 
Heart health can improve by ingesting lemons. 
Chewing gum helps you stay alert. 
Obesity may soon be the leading risk of cancer. 
People today eat an average of 600 calories more per day compared to people in the 1970s.
Exercising 10 minutes each day can significantly improve your health. 
Job strain can contribute to type 2 diabetes. 
People begin losing muscle mass at the age of 30.
Excessive sitting is more likely to cause inflammation in women.
Regular consumption of fruits is good for the liver. 
Eating can help improve your mood. 
The majority of American diets fail.
Tootsie Rolls were used as emergency rations in WWII.
Marie Curie is the only person with two Nobel prizes in different sciences. 
A solar eclipse helped end a six-year war in 583 BCE. 
Atlanta has 71 streets with the word ‘Peachtree’ in it.
The name for the Boston Celtics was chosen over the options of Whirlwinds and Olympians. 
Topeka, Kansas renamed itself ‘ToPikachu’ for a day.
Culs-de-sac is the plural of Cul-de-sac.
R.L. Stine wrote the jokes for the Bazooka Joe wrappers. 
The Northwest Territories in Canada once wanted to rename itself.
‘G-mail’ was once the name of a free email service from Garfield’s website.
In 1872, Susan B. Anthony was fined for voting. 
Ice cream headaches have a scientific term.
The ‘&’ symbol is called the ampersand. 
The term grumble is used to refer to a group of pugs.
The largest U.S Navy stockpile of nuclear weapons is guarded by dolphins.
James Naismith invented basketball. 
Army ants can misinterpret the scents of other ants and go off-trail.
It takes an average of 364 licks to get to the center of a lollipop.
A statue of Nikola Tesla provides free wi-fi. 
The bent joint in the legs of the flamingo is its ankles.
There is a world championship for throwing mobile phones. 
It is illegal to waste food in French supermarkets.
Harrison Schmitt was allergic to moon dust.
Through the seasons, a reindeer’s eyes will change color. 
Shaking or waving a Polaroid photo can damage it.
‘The Cat in the Hat’ took a year and a half to finish writing.
Many playgrounds built for seniors can be found in Barcelona. 
The tin can was patented by Peter Durand in 1810.
Dum Dums’ mystery flavor lollipops have been revealed. 
New parents lose around 750 hours of sleep in the first year of their firstborn’s birth. 
An extra character from Empire Strikes Back can be seen running with an ice cream maker.
The Starry Night is drawn from the viewpoint of Van Gogh from the asylum.
Eleanor Roosevelt once snuck out of a white house event to go on a joyride in a plane. 
Two men bought and buried the hatchet during a Gettysburg reunion in 1913.
Thomas Jefferson passed away 50 years after the Declaration of Independence. 
Canned pumpkins do not contain actual pumpkins. 
Over 93,000 liters of beer are lost in facial hair in the UK.
The author of Curious George fled Paris before the Nazis invaded.
The founder of Wendy’s dropped out of high school.
Ronald Regan could have been in Back to the Future III.
Moonshiners wore cow shoes to evade the police.
Bathwater stays warmer for a longer duration with bubbles. 
The voice of Winnie the Pooh is Jim Cummings. 
Abraham Lincoln was a wrestling champion.
The pupil of a goat is rectangular. 
The cookie monster is not changing his name.
A double rainbow is a mirror image of the first rainbow.
Take out restaurants have been found in the remains of Pompeii.
It was Gene Wilder’s idea for Wonka to walk with a limp and do a somersault. 
The U.S. Army attempted to make a telepathic ray gun.
Request for non-existent books is often received by the Library of Congress. 
Dogs can understand up to 250 hand gestures and words. 
Children can volunteer to read to dogs in Missouri.
Watching horror movies increase a clotting protein in the bloodstream. 
An eggnog-like drink was served to the guests of George Washington.
The Nigerian Civil war was placed on hold for two days to watch a soccer match.
An episode of Peppa Pig was banned in Australia.
Salvador Dali never paid his restaurant tabs.
Lobsters were not considered a delicacy in colonial America. 
Harry Burnett invented Reese’s Cups. 
Foreign Accent Syndrome is one of the rarest side effects of brain trauma.
Evidence from Seymour Island suggest that penguins were once 6 ft tall.
Captive Ravens can speak better than parrots. 
Fried chicken came from the Scots. 
Chihuahuas have the largest brain in the dog world.
A banana is a berry.
Elephants will comfort each other when sad.
The Hollywood walk of fame gave Frank Sinatra three stars. 
Crayola means ‘oily chalk’.
Tsundoku is the Japanese art of hoarding books and never reading them.
The founders of Google were willing to sell their site to Excite for under $1M. 
Avocados never ripen while they are still attached to the tree.
There is a mental state in which you think you are the star of a reality show.
Queen Elizabeth II owned over 30 corgis. 
There is an underground temperature-controlled vault owned by LEGO.
It is illegal to take rocks from the Petrified Forest National Park.
China owns all of the pandas in the world.
Wisconsin is the badger state.
The Journal of Applied Behavior Analysis published a paper regarding the writer's block.
A bloodhound from Alabama finished a marathon in 7th place. 
The voice of the Yellow M&M is J.K. Simmons. 
The Zapruder family was paid handsomely for the footage of JFK’s assassination. 
People from the English Midlands use black cats to bless marriages. 
Bob Ross once created a monochromatic painting.
The first match made on Tinder was in Antarctica.
Dolly Parton has donated over 100 million books to children.
Fingernails grow at the same rate that the continental drift moves.
‘Deja reve’ is the term used for an experienced previously encountered in a dream.
Sleep cleans your brain. 
Mariano Martinez invented the frozen margarita machine. 
The Queen of England is a trained mechanic.
Portland’s name was decided on through a coin flip.
When he passed away, Bela Lugosi was buried in his full Dracula costume.
Swedish blood donors are given a thank you text when their blood is used to help a person.
Good sportsmanship is a big part of the curling. 
Traditional vampire folklore depicts vampires with arithmomania. 
Some trees in Melbourne have their email addresses. 
Some cats have allergies to humans.
The first black female streetcar conductor was Maya Angelou.
The lamppost in Central Park has a coded navigational system.
There are more than 300 dead bodies on Mount Everest. 
A meteor as strong as 10 atomic bombs exploded over Earth and everyone missed it. 
Dogs like squeaking toys because it sounds like their prey.
If the sun exploded, you wouldn't know until eight minutes later.
Ferrets will die after a year of no sex.
The longest hiccups lasted nearly 69 years.
You swallow about 365 cups of mucus in a year. 
You sweat an average of 26 gallons on your bed per year.  
A cloud can weigh more than a million pounds.
Shadows are darker on the Moon.
Human meat is rich in protein.
A duel of three people is called a truel.
Beer was a soft drink in Russia.
Blood donors in Sweden get texts when their blood is used.
Before “bloopers” was coined, there were "boners".
The small holes under frozen pizzas prevent air bubbles from forming in the dough.
“Bluetooth” was named after a king.
Viagra can make flowers stay erect, too.
Dogs are banned from Antarctica.
In Slovakia they have a Christmas Carp that lives in the family bathtub for a few days before they are eaten.
Iguanas have three eyes. 
Babe Ruth wore a cabbage leaf in his cap to keep it cool. 
About 100 people choke on pens each year in the U.S.
Nutmeg can be poisonous.
Our eyes remain the same size from birth.
The least successful Harry Potter film made less than the most successful Twilight movie.
Singapore has a 15-story car vending machine.
The tallest LEGO tower of all time is 112 feet high. 
Oranges were originally green.
Pigs can’t look up. 
The British Queen’s handbag is a communication device.
You can see two sunsets from the Burj Khalifa in one day.
Antarctica is the largest desert in the world.
Mammoths were still alive when the Egyptians were building the Great Pyramids. 
Ants can’t die from falling.
You’re 10 times more likely to get bitten by a person than a shark.
Fried chicken came from Scotland.
10 gallons of carrot juice can kill a person. 
A house fire inspired The Sims.
Woodpeckers would eat brains if they get too hungry. 
A volcanic eruption once killed 80% of the Earth’s sheep. 
A Coca-Cola employee offered to sell Coca-Cola’s secrets to Pepsi.
Cats don’t meow at other cats. 
A fortune cookie once predicted the lottery, and 110 people won.
Sloths can hold their breath longer than dolphins.
The Empire State Building has a ZIP code of its own.
The shortest war in history lasted less than an hour.
The Eiffel Tower was supposed to be in Barcelona.
PEZ candy was made to help smokers quit.
The longest TV ad of all time is 14 hours long.
Bananas glow blue under UV light.
Handshakes were originally a safety measure.
An actor’s brain activity is different when in character.
The longest time between two twins being born is 87 days.
There’s an apartment inside the Eiffel Tower.
Marsupials have three vaginas.
Tug of war, live pigeon shooting, and pistol dueling used to be in the Olympics.
The largest margarine sculpture weighs more than 3,000 pounds.
The tallest dog ever was a 7-foot Great Dane.
Spider webs were used as bandages in ancient times.
There’s a cheese eaten with live maggots.
Silver cars are the least accident-prone.
The first man to pee on the moon was Buzz Aldrin.
A woman who lost her wedding ring found it over a decade later on a carrot in her garden.
¼ of all your bones are in your feet.
A 155-year-old mouse trap successfully caught a mouse in 2016.
A human could swim through a blue whale's veins. 
The man who created Comic Sans used it once.
There is only one Blockbuster store left in the world. 
The Dutch village of Giethoorn doesn’t have roads.
There’s a high voltage ejector bed that launches you out of sleep.
There’s a family of people with blue skin in Kentucky.
The butterflies in your stomach are a distress call.
The katzenklavier was a piano made out of cats. 
The Romans used to clean their teeth with urine. 
The largest pizza measured 13,580.28 square feet.
There are 60,000 miles of blood vessels in the human body. 
Cats can be manipulative.
Archaeologists discovered an “elixir” in an ancient Chinese tomb.
Before alarm clocks, there were human alarms. 
Mice in Central America can sing almost 100 notes. 
There’s a McDonald’s with a turquoise arch.
Wimbledon tennis balls must be stored at perfect room temperature.
In Japan, napping at work is honorable.
Sleeping in public is totally cool in Japan.
LEGO has an underground vault with all the LEGO sets ever made.
The world record for most tosses of a pancake in a minute is 140 tosses.
The smell of freshly-cut grass is a distress signal.
Bangladesh has six seasons.
“Huh?” Is a universal word for humans.
Platypuses don’t have stomachs.
It would take over 20 years to eat at every NYC restaurant.
Air pollution now kills more people than smoking.
Chip bags are full of nitrogen.
Häagen-Dazs doesn’t mean anything.
Harrod’s was the first place to sell toilet paper.
There is no word that rhymes with orange.
It takes more muscles to smile than to frown.
Jupiter is made entirely of gases.
97% of the earth’s water is undrinkable.
Donald Duck never wore pants.
Vincent Van Gogh only sold 1 painting in his entire life.
Tomatoes are fruits, not vegetables.
Over 10,000 birds a year die from smashing into windows.
The only food that doesn’t spoil is honey.
A laughing epidemic made 14 schools close down in Tanzania.
The man with the longest beard tripped and died because of it. 
The Vatican City drinks the most wine per person.
The Mona Lisa may have had eyebrows.
The tongue isn’t the strongest muscle in the body.
One man’s sperm can impregnate every woman on earth.
The 7-fold paper is a myth. 
About 40,000 Americans are injured by toilets each year.
When the moon is directly overhead, you weigh slightly less.
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath.
Over a dozen skeletons were found in Benjamin Franklin's basement.
The Guinness Book of Records is the most stolen book at Public Libraries.
When you sneeze, your heart stops for a millisecond.
The human heart can squirt blood 30 ft far.
Wearing headphones for an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear 700 times.
At the equator, you would weigh less than if standing at one of the poles. 
A pharaoh once bathed his slaves in honey to keep bugs away from him.
Less than 20% of laughter comes after jokes.
A 17 year-old once struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig.  
A rollercoaster can make you pass kidney stones. 
Trees can grow in your lungs.
Dancing mania killed 15 people a day in 1518.
If you’re murdered in the U.S., there’s a 1-in-3 chance police will never identify your killer.
In 2005, Australia banned the word “mate.”
The Pacu fish has human-like teeth.
Some people have an extra bone in their knee.
Playing the accordion used to be required for teachers in North Korea.
Children's medicine used to have morphine.
Water makes different pouring sounds depending on its temperature. 
Dentures used to be made of dead peoples’ teeth.
The Pirates of the Caribbean ride in Disneyland used to have real skeletons.
A 100-foot asteroid nearly hit the Earth once.
Madame Tussaud used real heads for her first wax creations.
Rome has a purgatory museum.
At Harvard University, there is a book made with human skin.
People used to take photos with their dead relatives. 
No one knows how Edgar Allan Poe died. 
Rome once had a horse senator. 
Antonio López de Santa Anna held a state funeral for his leg after it was amputated.
People in New England though tuberculosis was vampirism.
Anna Mae Dickinson cheated death 5 times.
Heroin used to be sold as cough medicine. 
Dracula was an actual person. 
Edgar Allan Poe may have predicted the future.
Honey can be used for torture.
Pigs have free speech in Florida.
Sweat doesn't actually stink.
It is illegal to sell a "bounceless" pickle in Connecticut.
The fire hydrant patent was lost in a fire.
France has 12 timezones. 
Blue Ivy Carter is the youngest person ever to appear on a Billboard chart.
Your liver can regenerate in three weeks.
A 70-year-old woman once completed one marathon for each continent in a week. 
A woman was once constipated for nearly two months.
Beethoven could still hear after going deaf.
You can always "see" your nose.
Shaq only made one three-pointer in his whole career.
Detroit undercover cops once fought another group of undercover cops.
America accidentally dropped an atom bomb on South Carolina in 1958.
Blue Whale calves grow 200 pounds per day.
Medical errors are one of the leading causes of death in the U.S.
Praying mantis mating is deadly… literally. 
Paint used to be kept in pig bladders.
Toy Story 2 was almost deleted.
When giraffes fight, they neck it out.
The most blueberries eaten in a minute is 86 blueberries.
The most sausages made in one minute is 78 sausages.
The world record for the fastest drinking of a bottle of ketchup is less than half a minute long.
The fastest pizza eater finished a 12-inch in less than half a minute.
The biggest chocolate rabbit in the world is over 4,000 kg heavy.
The most expensive hotdog is priced at almost US$200.
Adult wolves feed wolf pups regurgitated meat from their hunts.
The biggest tooth ever recovered from a human is 1.4” long. 
Super Mario Land is darker than you thought. 
The most teeth extracted from a person is 526.
Minecraft's overworld has a surface area 9,258,235 times larger than the earth.
The “knees” you see on a flamingo is actually their ankle joints. 
After you cut off its head, a chicken can run the length of an entire football field before it drops dead.
A headless chicken survived for 18 months. 
“Chicken guns” launch chicken carcasses at aircraft windows.
Chickens outnumber humans. 
The world record for the most egg yolks in one egg is 9 yolks.
Lefties are kinky, supposedly.
In a 2007 study in Taiwan, about 59.3% of children studied had been forced to convert from left-handedness.
Flamingos produce milk - kind of.
There’s a cannibal galaxy next door.
The sun contains over 99% of the mass in our galaxy.
Scientists detected a radio signal in space from 5 billion light-years away.
A Japanese man married a video game character in 2009.
Studies have shown that playing Tetris can curb sex, drug, and food cravings.
We always see the same side of the moon.
Chickens can recognize up to 100 faces. 
Neil Armstrong's astronaut application arrived past the deadline. 
Waffle House is used to measure storms.
The first tagline for the Nerf ball was “Nerf: You can’t hurt babies or old people!”
Tootsie Rolls used to be part of WWII rations.
A solar eclipse once ended a six-year war.  
Both John Adams and Thomas Jefferson died on Independence Day.
Dogs can understand up to 250 words and gestures.
Trained dolphins protect nuclear weapons. 
Topeka used to be called ToPikachu.
Dr. Seuss said he expected to spend about a week writing The Cat in the Hat. 
The plural form of cul-de-sac is culs-de-sac.
An episode of Peppa Pig was banned from Australian television.
A gamer completed Dark Souls using a Rock Band guitar. 
Coca-Cola was the first soft drink consumed in space.
The biggest video game collection has a library of over 20,000 games. 
Burger King made a left handed burger.
People used to eat flamingo tongue.
Mars’ sunset is blue. 
Chickens dream.
Flamingo chicks are born gray.
A man reached level 90 in World of Warcraft without leaving the starting zone, ever.
After Ratatouille, more people started buying pet rats.
The snow in Wizard of Oz is actually asbestos.
There were 10,297 balloons in Up.
Jurassic Park raptor cries are actually tortoise sex noises.
The Matrix Code means sushi.
The first ever winner of Survivor got jail time for tax evasion. 
LEGO is the world's largest tire manufacturer. 
The "wasabi" you get with your sushi isn't actually wasabi. 
Corn Flakes were invented to prevent masturbation.
Human beings share 99.9 percent of the same genes.
Hitler was once nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. 
The U.S. flag was designed by a 17-year-old for school. 
Bald eagles don't sound like in the movies. 
Bearcat urine smells like buttered popcorn.
Abraham Lincoln's dog was also killed.
The Wombat poops in cubes.
The heart symbol was inspired by ancient birth control.
A cockroach can live for weeks after its head has been cut off.
All cereal box characters look down, and it’s because of psychology.
Jelly beans are coated with insect juice.
Humans have farted 17 quadrillion times since the beginning of time.
One kiss transfers more than 80 million germs.
Scientists used to believe there were little people inside sperm.
Starfish eat with their stomachs outside their body.
The universe is officially colored "Cosmic Latte."
Turtles breathe out of their butts.
A head of human hair is strong enough to support 12 tons.
Abercrombie & Fitch paid MTV to make sure the cast of Jersey Shore doesn’t wear their clothes.
The top six earners in reality TV are all Kardashians.
No one knows why flamingos stand on one foot.
Women blink more often than men.
The lint that collects in your pockets is called gnurr. 
The founders of Hewlett-Packard flipped a coin to determine whose name would come first.
Some animals can delay their pregnancies. 
Sigmund Freud once believed that cocaine could help treat morphine addiction.
NASA had to rename the sizes of male astronaut peeing apparatus.
The line between the numbers in a fraction has a name.
You can estimate the temperature through cricket chirps.
The U.S. pizza industry serves 100 acres of pizza each day.
Scientists accidentally killed the world's oldest animal while trying to learn its age.
The metal studs on jeans are called “rivets.” 
The verb form of the word "run" has almost 650 different meanings.
A cubic inch of bone is four times as strong as concrete.
Camels have three eyelids.
An ostrich's brain size is smaller than its eyeball.
Dead women can still give birth.
A jellyfish's mouth is also its anus. 
You can't breathe and swallow at the same time. 
In Welsh folklore, corgis carried fairies.
People used to answer the phone by saying "Ahoy!"
Chopsticks were initially created for cooking, not as an eating utensil.
In 16th Century England, pies were filled with surprises. 
Saffron is more expensive than gold. 
Bird’s nest soup is made of bird saliva. 
You can’t mess up mushrooms. 
Craving ice is a symptom of iron deficiency. 
Vampire bats drink half their body weight in blood.  
High heels were invented for men.
There's a brewery in Japan that makes beer from elephant poop.
You are 13.8 percent more likely to die on your birthday.
The world's longest fart lasted over a minute long.
There’s a world record for the largest number of people dressed up as penguins.
The longest ear hair in the world may be longer than your actual hair.
The loudest burp in the world is louder than a chainsaw. 
The most Big Macs ever eaten by a person is 26,000 burgers.
The stretchiest skin in the world can stretch over 6 inches.
The most piercings on a person is over 4,000.
The longest distance covered while lifting a table with teeth is 38 feet.
The longest metal coil inserted through the nose and mouth is 11 feet long. 
The longest fingernails ever grown on a woman reached over 28 ft.
There’s a sport for making weird faces.
The oldest stripper started at 60 years old.
The longest tongue on a dog was over a foot long.
The most soda cans opened by a bird is 35. 
The world’s longest legs measure 4 ft long.
The longest kiss in the world lasted almost 60 hours.
A man once ate an entire plane. 
The heaviest carrot in the world weighs over 10 kg.
The longest noodle in the world is over 10,000 feet long.
The most layers on a sandwich is 60. 
The most M&Ms eaten with chopsticks while blindfolded is 20 pieces.
The largest scoop of ice-cream weighed over 1000 kg.
It is physically impossible for you to lick your elbow. 
Dueling is legal in Paraguay.
There are 366 dimples on a regulation golf ball.
The moon is moving away from the Earth.
Ketchup leaves the bottle at a measured speed. 
A baseball has a lifespan.
There is a town called Calama has never experienced rain.
Most lipsticks contain fish scales.
Lightning strikes the earth 100 times each second.
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day. 
Possums do not play dead.
A Costa Rican worker that makes baseball earns $2,750 annually. 
A jiffy is an actual measure of time. 
Babe Ruth out-homered every American league team.
Recycling glass jars save energy.
San Francisco's cable cars are counted as a national monument. 
The match was invented after the lighter.
Michael Jordan makes a lot of money from Nike.
The five colors on the Olympic flag were carefully selected.
Antares is 60,000 times larger than the sun.
There are constantly around 1,800 thunderstorms that occur somewhere on the planet. 
The chicken came before the egg. 
A kiss stimulates 29 muscles and chemicals. 
Left-handed people are better at particular sports. 
A giant tortoise that was believed to be extinct was found in the Galapagos.
Ancient Egyptians slept on stone pillows.
Coca-cola was originally green.
Arizona forbids camel hunting. 
36% of the American population has stated that God has spoken to them.
You can buy a toupee for your dog in Tokyo.
Only one sport has ever been played on the moon. 
There is a Superman in every episode of Seinfeld.
A premature birth takes place when the baby arrives earlier than 37 weeks during pregnancy. 
Humans did not come from monkeys.
Most of the viruses embedded in our DNA are gone already.
The Goodyear blimp is the official bird of Redondo Beach.
Americans spend an average of $1,092 on coffee per year
2 out of 1000 children are born deaf in the United States.
Driving to space would only take an hour.
Every three seconds, there is a birth taking place somewhere in the world. 
Specifically shaped cornflakes can be sold on eBay.
The Arizona capitol building roof holds around 5 million pennies. 
clouds hold a lot of weight.
The Apollo 11 crew pre-made autographs for insurance. 
The longest recorded tennis match lasted for 11 hours.
A hotel in New Orleans offered a $15,000 stay in a contest.
Shakesphere's epitaph is cursed. 
All swans in England belong to the Queen. 
Most wines are not vegetarian or vegan-friendly.
A pineapple plant can only produce one pineapple a year.
China is the world’s largest silk producer.
Ketchup was once used as medicine.
A person is unable to detect smells when they suffer from anosmia. 
A Poison Garden in England is filled with venomous plants.
Peas are the oldest vegetables. 
The winning lottery combination was once foretold in a fortune cookie. 
25% of bones in human adults are located on their feet.
68% of plant species are endangered.
Redwoods are the tallest trees.
A potato's skin is much healthier than its core.
A meteor with the force of 10 atomic bombs crashed on Earth and no one noticed. 
Strawberries are the only known fruit to grow their seeds externally.
Scientists can’t explain what causes four-leafed clovers.
A rare pink dolphin resides in Louisiana.
Bamboos are a form of grass.
The number 57 on the bottle of Heinz ketchup has a meaning.
Plants prevent erosion and landslides.
Rainbows at night exist. 
About 80,000 plant species are edible.
Bumblebees are able to fly at great heights. 
Ripe cranberries can bounce.
The Arabic word for fingers translates to ‘banana’.
Turnips are high in Fiber.
Eating too many onions can cause sleepiness.
The femur is the largest bone located in the human body. 
The world’s most dangerous tree is called the manchineel.
The Terminator was sold for a dollar.
Nicotine is poisonous to insects. 
The garlic mustard is a member of only one family. 
About one cluster of grapes make up one glass of wine.
The scientific name used for flowering plants is Angiosperm.
Your eyebrow shapes can predict your personality.
In Greek, the Iris flower translates to rainbow. 
A plant that consumes rats can be found in the Philippines. 
An organism with a dissapearing butt exists. 
The smell of freshly cut grass is noted to be the grass screaming in distress. 
Being gassy is normal.
Baby kangaroos are born the size of an inch. 
Almonds are one of the many members of the peach family.
Dogs should not be fed pear and apple seeds.
The chacma baboons reside in Africa’s Namib desert. 
The blue whale is the largest known animal on the planet. 
The little finger contributes 50% of our hand strength.
Flies hum in the key of F.
The webs of spiders were once used as bandages.
Male rabbits are called bucks. 
There is a quick way to escape the grip of a crocodile. 
Mosquitoes are unable to penetrate silk.
Square watermelons cost more than round ones.
A tomb found in London is said to be a time machine.
Christian nurses were not allowed to nurse Jewish babies. 
The tooth of an elephant weighs around 9 pounds. 
The Swiss are known to eat the most chocolate in the world.
Sumo wrestlers often make babies cry for good luck.
The Diana monkey takes its name from a Roman goddess. 
A woman once found her lost wedding ring growing on a carrot in her garden.
You can gain calories by licking stamps.
Dogs can learn commands better with hand signals. 
Only 3 mammals experience menopause. 
A mouse trap built 155 years ago caught a mouse in 2016.
The human bone is stronger than steel.
The oldest chocolates in the world are around 106 years old.
The human tongue has a unique print.
A tarantula can survive two years without food.
You can swim through the veins of a blue whale.
The most common cause of death among babies is Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS).
Bats have very thin leg bones.
Swishing wine inside your mouth allows all your taste buds to detect its flavor.
Your eyelids have the thinnest amount of skin on your body.
There are 1 million ants for every person on the planet. 
We can detect taste faster than we can blink.
You can feel happier by crying.
Kangaroos can't hop without their tails.
Egg yolks naturally contain Vitamin D.
Keeping a goldfish in a dark room will cause it to go pale.
A newborn Chinese water deer fits in the palm of the average human hand.
Knowing how to speak Russian is a requirement to become an International astronaut.
French fries did not come from France.
Turtles can drown if they are kept underwater for too long. 
The average human processes 100,000 pounds of food in a lifetime.
A total of 32 muscles can be found in one ear of a cat. 
A dentist invented the electric chair
Apart from their fur, tigers also have striped skin.
The creator of the font Comic Sans has only used it once. 
Humans consume a lot of water.
Moths do not have a stomach. 
Fleas can jump 200 times its height. 
There are pink lakes in Australia. 
The Russians arrived 12 days late to the 1908 Olympics.
The average person eats a total of 8 pounds of grapes annually.
Our bum crack is medically referred to as the intergluteal cleft. 
The inventor of the Pringles can was buried in a Pringles can.
The smallest surviving baby weighed 8.5 oz.
A snail can grow new eyes. 
The manager of Elvis Presley was also selling hate merchandise for Elvis. 
HIV originated from a chimp’s stomach.
The ancient Greeks chewed gum like mastic.
The largest single meteorite found on Earth is the Hoba Meteor. 
Plastic bags are better for the environment rather than paper bags.
Most known asteroids in our solar system are located between Jupiter and Mars. 
The colors in fireworks depends on the different salts used and mixed with different metals. 
Vegetable has no scientific definition.
Soap is used for cleaning because its molecules trap dirt in the center of its compound when in water.
You need to exceed temperatures of 1000 degrees Celcius to burn a diamond.
The fastest man in the world is not physically perfect.
Several people residing in Iceland believe in elves 
Sunglasses were not originally designed to protect your eyes from the sun.
Termites and ants are roasted and eaten like popcorn in South Africa.
Humans have five vital organs.
A 10-year old mattress weighs double its original weight.
The Indiana University library is constantly sinking.
A dentist invented cotton candy.
In China, seductively eating a banana during a live stream is illegal. 
The first soup ever recorded comes from a hippo.
206 bones make up the skeletal system.
DUI offenders in Ohio are required to use yellow license plates. 
The world's deepest postbox is in Japan.
The oldest condom ever found dates back to the 1640s.
La Paz, Bolivia is constantly at a temperature of below 50 degrees Fahrenheit.
Pumpkin flowers are edible.
An American man tried to fake his death so he wouldn't have to pay his phone bill.
Over 87,000 Americans are on a waiting list for organ transplants.
Children are more often poisoned by house plants rather than household chemicals.
Majority of the Muppets are left-handed. 
Bacon was once a Middle English term used to refer to all pork.
Bulls are color blind. 
Sneezing too hard can cause rib fractures. 
In England, a newborn’s head is washed in rum for good luck. 
The largest lymphatic organ in the body is the spleen.
Dogs have over 1,700 taste buds. 
Carrots have zero fat content.
The females of the Kangaroo species have a total of 3 vaginas. 
White chocolate isn’t chocolate.
Brushing your teeth too hard is bad for you.
Giraffes do not possess vocal cords. 
Light does not always travel at the speed of light. 
A Sardinian Cheese called Casu mazu contains live maggots. 
Chinese acupuncture states that there is a point in the head that can control one’s appetite. 
There is a bird found in Kea that is over two feet long.
Wisdom teeth have no purpose.
Birds can recognize landmarks. 
Dogs and cats also have a dominant side like humans do.
There are more than 10,000 different varieties of tomatoes.
A space mission confirmed that frogs can vomit. 
Most of the air you breathe goes out from your nostrils.
The ice cream cone was invented during the 1904 St. Louis world fair.
Research states that the loneliest creature on the planet is a whale. 
The spikes at the end of a stegasaurus' tail is called a thagomizer.
A British submarine once kept a fully grown reindeer aboard the vessel in WWII.
David Bowie once stated he was being stalked by a man in a pink rabbit suit. 
 A human being can live with only one kidney.
As of the beginning of 2004, the U.S. population increases by 1 every 12 seconds.
A surgical procedure that removes fear from your brain exists.
Shaved heads were a symbol of extreme beauty in 1500 B.C Egypt.
There is a species of frog that devours its prey through its eyes. 
Your belly button grows hair.
23% of all photocopier problems are caused by people sitting on them.
A human thumb has its own pulse.
A child can ask over a hundred questions a day.
Buzz Aldrin is the first man to ever urinate on the moon. 
Certain fruit flies are resistant to getting drunk.
The man with the longest beard in the world died from his beard. 
Orange is not the only word in the English language that cannot be rhymed.
Sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick is one of the hardest tongue twisters in the world.
There was a month-long plague in 1518 called Dance fever. 
The shortest complete sentence in the English language consists of only two letters.
The smiley was nearly invented by Vladimir Nabokov.
The “Rule of Thumb” phrase originates from old English laws.
Greeks once believed that the mother’s milk originated from the uterus.
The village of Giethoorn has no roads. 
Human lips are very sensitive.
The word ‘testify’ comes from an ancient Roman practice.
A family in Kentucky had blue skin for generations. 
The word ‘pants’ was once considered to be a dirty word. 
The most difficult phrases to create are palindromes. 
1000 is the first number from 0 that uses the letter a when spelled. 
Earthquakes can permanently shorten the length on the Earth's day. 
A bar in London sells vaporized vodka.
Your brain is active even if you are asleep.
Celery has negative calories.
A glacier called blood falls exists. 
Over 2 billion pencils are manufactured annually in the U.S.
Quebec City, Canada has a low crime rate.
Your left lung is not as big as the right lung.
Scientist discovered a new bacteria that lives inside hairspray. 
The Spanish word for wife is ‘esposa’.
The tip of the Eiffel tower does not lean towards the sun. 
More people are afraid of spiders than they are of death. 
The human skull is formed by 29 different bones.
The ratio of Americans that have appeared on TV is 1:4.
Humans share about 50% of our DNA with bananas.
The smallest cell in a man’s body is the sperm cell.
More fast-food employees were killed while on shift than police officers in 1998.
Originally, carrots were a purple color. 
The U.S. government only owns ⅓ of the land its country has.
A baby will laugh over 300 times a day.
Mars appears red to the human eye due to the iron oxide particles that suspends its atmosphere. 
Oak trees cannot produce acorns if they are under 50 years of age. 
Around 70% of virus programmers are said to allegedly work under a strict contract for crime syndicates
Chilli peppers are not spicy.
Human blood is red due to the hemoglobin in our bodies.
Grapes will explode inside the microwave.
The human teeth are as strong as a shark’s teeth.
Potatoes can reflect your wi-fi signal. 
You can turn coal mixed in peanut butter into a diamond. 
The cornea does not receive a blood supply.
The Sasser worm mainly targets computers running on Microsoft OS and exploits a vulnerable network port. 
Mixing sperm and caffeine in a test tube makes them swim better.
Saltwater takes 10 minutes to drown a person. 
The tree of life is another name for the baobab tree.
Inhaling helium will cause your voice to travel through your vocal cords quicker. 
Peanut butter contains insect fragments. 
Tulips were considered very valuable in the 1600s.
The human skull remains conscious after decapitation. 
Onions contain sulphuric acid.
Bull sharks can adapt to freshwater environments. 
You would need about 37 gallons of water to grow a coffee bean.
The oldest wine bottle can be found in Germany.
The roast camel is the largest menu item in the world.
3 Students once installed keystroke loggers onto their teacher's computers to hack and sell grades to students.
An apple is composed of 25% air. 
Hundreds of pirate attacks occur each year. 
The rafflesia is the biggest flower.
The average person spends 6 months of their life waiting for traffic lights to turn green. 
The chef of Charles the first is paid £500 a year to keep his ice cream recipe a secret.
Cherophobia is the fear of being happy.
The heartbeat of a blue whale can be heard from two miles away.
Frogs do not drink water. 
Cabbages are 92% water.
There is a bridge made especially for squirrels. 
A footlong from subway is not one foot long.
Marie Curie’s old notebooks remain radioactive until today.
Over 70,000 plant species are medicinal.
Roosters have built-in earplugs in them.
Bananas can naturally make people happy.
The father of Computer Science committed suicide. 
Hydrofluoric acid is the least acidic but remains the most dangerous. 
The Netherlands has to import criminals to fill up their jails. 
Rain has a smell.
Taxi drivers in London are called cabbies. 
Mushrooms aren’t plants.
A wild dog is ranked as the most successful predator. 
Apple pie is not American.
An encrypted monument stands outside of the CIA headquarters in Virginia. 
The human body is the cause of metallic smells found in coins and other metals. 
The popsicle was invented by an 11-year-old. 
Expiration dates on a bottle of water is not for the water. 
The word "Typewriter" is the longest word you can type using only one row of the keyboard.
Large banks use computers to process checks and debit card charges by the highest amount first. 
The longest musical performance in history still occurs today. 
10% of the world population is left-handed.
The average bear will have 42 teeth.
Rabbits eat their feces.
Birds require gravity to swallow. 
The Hawaiian alphabet contains only 13 letters. 
The blood of lobsters is colorless.
The most commonly used letter in the English alphabets is E.
Around 8% of the world population has an extra rib.
The majority of plant life is located in the ocean.
A cat spends most of its life sleeping. 
Spiders are not insects.
Australia is the only continent without an active volcano.
Honey never spoils.
The fortune cookie was invented in America.
A giraffe cleans its ears with its tongue. 
The human brain is 78% water.
Koalas sleep 18 hours a day. 
Sponges hold more cold water rather than hot. 
You share your birthday with 19 million people.
Cats have a hundred vocal cords. 
Ducks cannot walk without bobbing their heads.
The human tongue heals the fastest compared to all body parts.
Cows cannot climb downstairs.
Hummingbirds are the only birds that can fly backward.
The Aztecs invented popcorn.
The smallest ocean is the Arctic ocean. 
The first phonebook only had 50 names.
Depression is the most common mental illness.
French fries were invented in Belgium.
The hair of a reindeer is hollow.
Cows do not have upper front teeth.
Coins in the Trevi Fountain are collected and given to charity.
A person will sleep an average of 25 years in their lifetime. 
Paramount has 22 stars in their logo.
White is considered the safest color for a car. 
Cat jaws cannot be moved sideways.
An octopus has rectangular pupils.
Grapes explode in the microwave.
Pigs can’t look upwards.
Room temperature is between 20-25°C.
Apples wake you up more than coffee in the morning. 
The most sensitive finger is the index finger. 
The oldest English word is ‘town’.
A group of frogs is called an army.
Brazil is named after a tree.
Monopoly is the most played board game in the world.
Women buy 96% of candles produced. 
China originated paper making.
Instant coffee was made in 1901.
The urine of cats glow under a blacklight.
Small breeds of dogs live longer than larger breeds.
Hugging trees is forbidden in China. 
Only hard boiled eggs spin.
The staple food of 50% of the world population is rice.
70% of the world’s toys are made in China.
Cats can jump a height of 7 times its tail length.
Refrigerated rubber bands last longer.
India owns over 200 million cows. 
Only female mosquitoes bite you.
The majority of dust found in households is made from dead skin.
Until it blows against something, wind makes no sound.
Apart from Vitamin C, eggs contain every single vitamin.
Gold never erodes.
Under ultraviolet light, scorpions will glow.
Water expands when frozen.
Owls cannot move their eyes sideways.
Ants stretch in the morning.
There is no sound in space.
There are 1,792 steps on the Eiffel Tower. 
Originally, tennis was played with bare hands.
Germany borders 9 countries.
The Titanic was made in Belfast.
You can actually fold a piece of paper more than 7 times.
There are more chickens in the world than there are people.
People laugh an average of 10 times a day.
The pea is the oldest known vegetables.
The thigh bones of humans are stronger than concrete. 
Green diamonds are the rarest type of diamond. 
Wine spoils when exposed to light.
The banana contains 75% water.
It takes 3 alligators to make a pair of boots.
The most followed sport in the world is soccer. 
The human liver has 500 functions.
Humans have just 1 bone fewer than horses.
A fly will always launch backward to get away faster.
Ice rinks will always go counter-clockwise.
25% of the oxygen we breathe is used by the brain.
The only mammal that can fly are bats.
Camels are not born with humps.
Bulls run faster uphill than downhill.
Moths do not have stomachs.
Giraffes cannot swim.
The Dead Sea is an inland lake.
Clean snow will melt slower than dirty snow.
A caterpillar has more muscles than a human being.
Red blood cells are produced in the bone marrow.
Moisture causes super glue to dry.
Flamingos eat with their heads turned upside down. 
The side of the hammer is called a cheek.
The most commonly bitten body part by insects are your feet.
The small intestine is bigger than the large intestine.
90% of U.S. money has cocaine on it. 
Hell is real.
Lara Croft’s PS1 proportions were a mistake.
In some parts of Texas, it is illegal to cuss in front of a dead person.
Some people experience post-sex sadness. 
People have tried to sue God.
Uranus was first named George.
Twilight was as intense as you remember.
A man once wore 60 shirts and 9 pairs of jeans to the airport to avoid extra fees.
Carrots can turn you orange.
Cows hate country music.
A man once legally changed his name for losing a bet.
Dolly Parton once lost a Dolly Parton look-alike contest.
Peanuts are used to make dynamite. 
Vin Diesel is a seasoned voice actor.
Game of Thrones Night's Watch cloaks are made from Ikea rugs.
Friday the 13th was filmed at an actual camp, and people kept scaring campers away.
The house from the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre is now a family restaurant. 
Your childhood highschool shows were all shot in the same place.
Lobsters communicate with pee.
The organs in Grey's Anatomy surgeries aren't fake.
The Millennium Falcon was inspired by a burger.
The Simpsons creator intended for Homer Simpson to be Krusty the Clown.
The CDC website has a zombie preparedness section.
7% of Christian Americans pray for a parking spot.
A man once hired someone to slap him to avoid checking Facebook.
U.S.President Coolidge used to sound emergency bells as a joke.
There’s a company you can pay to kidnap you. 
In Russia, you can get fined for driving a car that’s too dirty. 
Thousands of people write to God yearly.
The CIA spend $25 million dollars on “spy cats.”
152 people in the U.S. are named LOL. 
Your brain uses 12 watts of energy to think, and does not feel pain. 
Anatidaephobia is the fear of being watched by a duck.
Cans of diet soda will float in water, regular soda cans will sink.
Koalas feed their newborns poop.
Walt Disney was afraid of mice.
The Western Lowland Gorilla’s scientific name is Gorilla gorilla gorilla. 
Horses cannot breathe through their mouths.
Saudi Arabia imports camels from Australia.
Loofahs are vegetables.
Eagles don’t mate while airborne.
People once claimed that coconuts kill more people than sharks yearly.
NASA saw 168 errors in the space film Armageddon.
A Lord of the Rings actor would rather hike up a whole mountain than ride a helicopter.
Norway’s reality TV is very different.
Big Brother U.S. only showed news from the outside world on one day.
Pringles are not potato chips.
Watermelon is Oklahoma’s state vegetable.
Lachanophobia is the fear of vegetables.
There were over 300 banana-related injuries in Britain in 2001. 
This Star Wars actor rolled around in the sand before shoots.
George Lucas got stuck in the Jaws shark’s head.
The voice of the Exorcist demon ate raw eggs, chain-smoked, and had herself tied to a chair during recordings.
Bonnie and Clyde’s gunshot sounds were so loud, a projectionist kept lowering the volume.
Everyday objects were used for the asteroids in Star Wars.
Roman Polanski had pee thrown at his face during Chinatown.
The cast of Stand By Me accidentally got high from pot cookies. 
Forrest Gump has more CGI than Jurassic Park. 
Cooking shows are almost always scripted.
There is a Starbucks cup in all frames of Fight Club.
Woody was supposed to be a ventriloquist doll in Toy Story. 
The Great Reality TV Swindle is exactly what it sounds like.
Reality TV phone calls are almost always fake.
A sound engineer once got accidentally high on LSD while cleaning an old radio.
In Russia, competitive slapping is a sport. 
A farmer once grew a 910-pound pumpkin and turned it into a boat.
Scientists have taught rats to drive.
An Australian engineer once sued his ex-boss for farting on him.
An octopus can eat its own tentacle.
Camels have straight spines.
Slippery dick is a fish.
Spotted dick is a dish.
Monica and Joey were supposed to be the main F.R.I.E.N.D.S. romance.
The blue meth in Breaking Bad is rock candy.
There’s a hilarious continuity error in the opening scene of Sex and The City. 
German chocolate cake is named after a guy.
People used to dream in black and white.
Women were once warned of bicycle face disease.
Movies have a disclaimer that they’re fictional because someone tried to sue Rasputin.
Fruit salad trees can grow more than one kind of fruit.
"Horizontal refreshment" used to be the 19th century slang for sex.
Since the beginning of newscasting there has only been one day with no news. 
You’d get rolled into a burrito if you’re a violent drunk in Japan. 
All mammals take about 12 seconds to poop.
New Zealand's Ninety Mile Beach is 55 miles long.
The average person laughs 13 times a day.
Skydiving on a Sunday is illegal for single women in Florida.
It took Rubik a month to solve his cube.
Grapes explode in the microwave.
The British Royal Family can’t play Monopoly.
There are fewer real flamingos than plastic flamingos in the world.
A blue whale tongue weighs as much as an elephant. 
Adult cats are lactose intolerant.
In Kentucky, there are more barrels of bourbon than there are people. 
Before Alexander Fleming named penicillin, he called it “mold juice.”
If you look strictly at statistics, you’re more likely to win an Olympic Medal than the lottery.
A Canadian university handed out condoms with safe notes stapled on them.
The founder of Match.com lost his girlfriend to a man she met on Match.com.
You can’t bring a Furby to the Pentagon.
The pig has the longest orgasm observed in mammals.
Chalk is edible.
Most American car horns honk in the key of F. 
Babies are born without kneecaps. 
Japan invented a tomato robot for runners.
Grass flip flops are an actual product you can buy.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every 2 weeks.
7-UP is a straightforward name. 
Reindeer love grass.
Mustache shields were a thing in the Victorian Era.
Bears don’t poop during hibernation.
Mary Shelley allegedly lost her virginity on her mother’s grave.
A second is called a second for a reason.
Blue whales have the largest penises on Earth.
Slinkies are 82 feet long.
Legos have a uniform system.
Bangkok has the world record for the longest name.
Americans eat enough burgers to circle the earth over 32 times.
Bees have 5 eyes. 
Watching TV burns more calories than sleeping.
The thumb nail grows the slowest, the middle nail the fastest, nearly 4 times faster than toenails.
The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottles has a hidden meaning. 
A blob of toothpaste is called a nurdle.
Plants do a lot for your room aside from making you happier.
You spray 2.5 drops of saliva per word.
About 11,000 Americans injure themselves while trying out weird sexual positions per year.
The average person spends 2 years using their phone.
"I am." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
Edgar Allan Poe married his thirteen-year-old cousin.
J.D. Salinger drank his own urine.
Lego bricks can be combined in nearly a billion ways.
Play-Doh was invented as wallpaper cleaner. 
The Play-Doh scent is patented. 
Marvel action figures helped ToyBiz save money.
Junk food is as addictive as drugs.
The longest time without sleep is 11 days.
Salt used to be a currency.
4 out of 5 children recognize the Mcdonald's logo at 3 years old.
Mr. Potato head used to be made of actual potato.
The Super Soaker was designed and invented by a NASA engineer.
Chicken meat is not a main ingredient of chicken nuggets. 
Barbie and Ken broke up in 2004.
Toy Story helped sell the Etch-a-Sketch.
The Rubik’s cube is the best-selling toy of all time.
You can see an owl’s eyeball through its ear.
The sperm of a mouse is longer than elephant sperm.
You can’t see the Great Wall of China from space.
Ice cream warms the body.
The oldest piece of chewing gum is more than 9,000 years old.
Fritos means “little fried things.”
Pepsi is named after indigestion.
3.6 cans of Spam are consumed each second.
Conception occurs most in the month of December.
Oreo has made enough cookies to go to the moon and back 5 times.
Hershey's makes one million miles of Twizzlers every year.
The cream in a Twinkie isn’t really cream.
The average American looks at eight houses before buying one.
Soda fountain workers were called soda jerks
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball.
Corn dextrin is also used for glue on envelopes and postage stamps.
Germans eat twice as much chocolate as Americans.
"Underground" is the only English word that begins and ends with the letters "-und."
Alfred Hitchcock didn't have a belly button. 
The word "Checkmate" in chess comes from the Persian phrase "Shah Mat." 
The S in Harry S. Truman does have a meaning.
Pennsylvania is misspelled on the Liberty Bell.
You spend 92 days of your life on the toilet.
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
You have a one in 2 billion chance to live over 100 years old.
The praying mantis is the only insect that can turn its head.
Portugal is the top country for cork production.
There are 1,710 steps on the Eiffel Tower.
Rice is the oldest food we still eat today.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
'Grace' is the most popular boat name.
Gene Wilder ate wax in Willy Wonka.
The first webcam was invented to monitor a coffee pot.
The holes in spaghetti spoons have a purpose.
Non-dairy creamer is highly flammable.
Croissants are not French.
Before the computer mouse was known as a mouse, it was known as the turtle. 
Snapple's 1001 "Real Facts" aren’t true.
Pencils are yellow because of Chinese royalty.
The remote control was invented earlier than the television.
Standard CD’s are always 74 minutes long.
Amazon box sizes aren’t just random. 
Maps sometimes have fake places to prevent plagiarism.
The three most popular Western names in China are Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, and Elvis Presley.
In Vermont, there is one cow for every 3.8 people.
A chainsmoker voiced E.T.
The average belly button has 67 species of bacteria.
There’s an island that France and Spain takes turns owning every 6 months.
There are many words starting in Q that are not followed by a U.
It was said that Einstein couldn't speak fluently until he was 9 years old.
A sponge can reconstruct itself in hours.
Over 10,000 Coca-Cola drinks are consumed per second worldwide.
Every second, over 2 million e-mails are sent.
In the history of boxing, four men have been knocked out within the first eleven seconds of the match.
A coin toss isn’t 50-50.
Nike earns $600 each second.
Nintendo used to be a playing card company. 
The Universe expands 14.8 km per minute.
4.54 billion people use the internet.
10% of all the photos ever taken came from the past few years.
Shakespeare created the name “Jessica.”
The inventor of roller skates crashed a party wearing them as a first demo.
Armadillos always give birth to quadruplets.
The world’s deepest postbox lies over 30 feet underwater.
The inventor of the Game Boy was Nintendo’s janitor. 
A James Bond actor was legally banned from wearing a tuxedo in other movies.
Daniel Radcliffe once wore the same outfit for 6 months to piss off paparazzi.
YouTube was created because of the Janet Jackson Superbowl incident.
The first Youtube video was posted in April 25, 2005. 
Google Images was created because of Jennifer Lopez. 
Orange is the worst color for a job interview.
The moment you were born, you were the youngest person in the world.
Water is the only substance on earth that is lighter as a solid than a liquid.
The rusty-spotted cat is the smallest cat.
364 gifts are mentioned in “The Twelve Days of Christmas.” 
The Sahara desert makes 96% of the total land in Egypt.
You speak about 4,800 words each day.
Leighton Meester was born in a prison.
Munchkin cats are the cat equivalent of corgis.
Stomach noises have a scientific term.
Storing sour cream or cottage cheese upside down can help them last longer.
Cuddling is good for wounds.
The average person drinks 30,000 gallons of water in their lifetime.
The femur is stronger than concrete.
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
Your mouth uses 75 muscles when you speak.
The athletic brand ASICS is an abbreviation.
Shoes were called sneakers because of literal sneakers.
Australia is the only continent on earth without an active volcano.
If the world’s population took a bath every day, we would run out of all fresh water in a day.
The “stripes” on a sports field are caused by the grass.
Ellen DeGeneres is related to Kate Middleton.
Bryan Cranston was once a murder suspect. 
Steve Buscemi is a firefighter.
Leonardo DiCaprio was named after the painter.
Ryan Gosling was almost a member of the Backstreet Boys.
Katy Perry has had 13 Grammy nominations.
Beyoncé was Disney’s first pick for Princess Tiana.
Ariana Grande always wears a ponytail because of hair damage.
Kesha broke into Prince's house once.
Rebel Wilson became an actor because of malaria.
Ellen DeGeneres did not turn down a role in Friends.
There could’ve been a Harry Potter x Michael Jackson musical. 
Natalie Portman was studying at Harvard during Star Wars.
Elvis Presley was a blonde.
Kanye West was rejected for a fashion degree.
Kesha almost got a perfect score on her SAT.
Betty White is older than sliced bread.
Poltergeist used real skeletons.
Natalie Portman was supposed to be Juliet in the original Romeo and Juliet.
Gene Kelly performed Singin' In The Rain with a fever of 39°C.
A minute of The Nightmare Before Christmas took an entire week to film.
The Blair Witch project is mostly improvised. 
Scar from the Lion King was once voiced by Winnie the Pooh.
The “I love you, I know” lines in Star Wars were improvised.
Charlie Sheen once stayed up for 2 days for Ferris Bueller’s Day Off. 
James Cameron spent more time on the Titanic than the original passengers. 
James Cameron got the constellation scene wrong in Titanic.
60 lipsticks are produced every second.
500,000 chemical reactions take place in our cells every 5 seconds.
1,800 stars explode every minute.
Pelé has won the most FIFA World Cups.
Sultan Kösen is the tallest living man in the world.
3 Barbie dolls are sold every second.
Saliva can travel up to 80 km per hour.
You can take a beer bath at the Czech Republic.
Optimus Prime, Eeyore, and Mario were all voiced by one person.
The Peanuts comic series was supposed to be named Li’lfolks.
Fred and Wilma Flinstone were the first cartoon couple to sleep in the same bed.
Toy Story could’ve had very different names.
The first Super Man comic, costs over 3 million dollars.
The inventor of the upside-down ketchup bottle earned $13 million.
The Dead Space Ultra Limited Edition sells for US$2,999.
The most expensive rice sells for US$109 per kilo.
A gold-dusted keyboard costs US$4,240.
The most expensive watch costs US$55 million.
Only 4 people own the most expensive car in the world. 
The world’s most expensive skincare product sells for US$1,800 an ounce. 
Sushi with diamonds and gold costs US$1,978.
The world’s most expensive feather sells for US$10,000.
The most expensive cocktail in the world costs US$12,970.
A golden LEGO brick costs US$14,450.
Potato chips were invented out of spite.
Nestle Thai bought the world’s most expensive mug. 
The inventor of golden rice wanted his product to be free.
Benjamin Franklin never patented his inventions. 
The inventor of the smiley was only paid $45 for the design.
The inventor of the first beer tap also invented the modern toilet.
The Gatling gun was invented to discourage people from war.
Tortilla chips are American. 
The inventor of the water bed couldn’t patent it because of sci fi novels. 
Cars with flamethrowers were invented to prevent carjacking.
Benjamin Franklin is in the Swimming Hall Of Fame.
Thomas Edison had wheelchair races with Henry Ford.
Thomas Edison helped invent the tattoo pen.
Jack Black is the son of rocket scientists.
Silent Hill is based on a real place.
The inventor of Vaseline used to eat it.
Fender could not play guitar.
Watching horror movies can help boost weight loss.
Throwing spices at a single person is a tradition in Denmark.
The man who invented pop-up ads regrets it.
Aladdin was based on Tom Hanks.
Hunting unicorns is legal in Michigan. 
The inventor of the web rotary press was killed by his own invention.
It’s not confirmed whether Humpty Dumpty was an egg. 
The inventor of glow sticks didn’t know they were used at parties for decades.
Being on time is rude in Venezuela.
Jeff Bezos’ father was a unicyclist in a circus.
Only 2 animals enjoy spicy food.
The Earth used to be purple.
Pumba was the first Disney character to fart.
The Earth has a waistline.
The first thing ever sold on the Internet was a bag of weed.
In France, women could take their husbands to court for impotence.
Walmart has a lower acceptance rate than Harvard.
Someone paid $10,000 for invisible artwork.
The longest cigar in the world is as long as a football field.
A U.S. town had a 3-year-old mayor.
Barry Manilow didn't write his hit song "I Write the Songs."
1 in 9 Americans think HTML is an STD.
“I agree to the terms and conditions” really does take a lot of time to read.
Finland is the happiest country in the world.
South Sudan is the least happiest country.
91% of men and 84% of women have fantasized about murder.
The average American breast size increased in the last 20 years.
British teens think Sherlock Holmes is a real person. 
Internet trolls are highly likely to be sadists.
Shrooms can help smokers quit.
⅔ of vegetarians in America eat meat. 
4 out of 10 Canadians would choose bacon over sex. 
The Japanese population includes the cyber homeless: people who live in internet cafes.
A Madagascar tribe ritual requires dancing with dead loved ones. 
Spain has the world’s biggest food fight once a year. 
According to Greek traditions, tossing children’s loose teeth to a roof brings good luck.
Spain has a baby jumping ritual.
Red ink is bad in South Korea.
Thailand holds a monkey buffet every year.
Germany has a unique tradition for newlyweds.
Camel wrestling is a popular sport in Turkey.
It is a Chinese tradition for a bride to cry for a month before their wedding. 
Some South American cultures eat their dead relatives.
Burying a sardine is a Spanish tradition.
Finger-pulling is an Austrian sport.
If it’s your birthday in Mexico, expect to get your face stuffed into cake.
Eukonkanto is a wife-carrying contest.
Russians sit down as a family before one leaves on a trip.
If you’re single by the time you’re 30 in Germany, you’ll have to do chores.
Dutch birthdays are for the whole family.
Asking for salt in an Egytian household is bad.
It is a Chinese tradition to carry pregnant wives over hot coals for an easy delivery. 
Cheese rolling is a sport in England.
Yoda, Mrs. Piggy, and Cookie Monster were all voiced by one person.
Mr. Bean has a Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering.
Robert Downey Jr. claims that Burger King saved his life from drug addiction...
Ozzy Osbourne accidentally bit a bat’s head off.
Megan Fox is banned from her local Walmart.
Tuna eyes taste like squid
Deep-fried tarantula tastes like crab.
Psycho was released in black and white because it was too gory.
Scream was based on a real ’90s Florida murder spree.
The Alien cast didn’t know about the chestburster scene.
The same actress played the monster from The Ring and Lilo from Lilo & Stitch. 
Steven Spielberg has been thanked more times than God in the Academy Awards.
Almost 50 pigs played Babe.
R2-D2 was supposed to speak English.
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs won 8 Oscars in 1939.
Back to the Future was almost called Spaceman From Pluto.
Time travel is banned in China.
Coldplay frontman Chris Martin was in Shaun of the Dead.
Yoda’s toes are inconsistent.
Star Trek: Generations was the first film to have a website.
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl has the most mistakes in a movie in the 2000s.
There is enough chlorine in the body to disinfect five swimming pools.
Your nipple will become hard in 7 seconds if you flick it.
Your heartbeat syncs to the rhythm of the music that you're listening to.
All the saliva you’ll produce in your life can fill two swimming pools.
You produce more earwax when you're stressed or anxious.
It's impossible to tickle yourself.
300 million cells die on your body every minute.
Enough adrenaline can give you superhuman strength.
Fast food chains make millions from a single calorie. 
Human fetuses will grow full body hair between 4-5 months.
Highest jump on a pogo stick: 11.15 feet.
The longest hair on a teenager is 6 feet and 2.8 inches in length.
The world’s smallest horse is 22.36 inches tall.
The world’s largest hula hoop measures over 17 feet.
The tallest hat in the world is over 15 ft high.
The largest ping pong paddle is over 11 feet tall and 6 feet inches wide.
The largest collection of Transformers memorabilia is worth US$65,618.
The most pinky pull-ups ever done is 36 reps. 
The fastest time to eat a bowl of pasta is 26.69 seconds.
The largest rubber band ball in the world is over 6 ft in diameter.
The world’s largest collection of sneakers has over 2,500 pairs.
The world’s biggest piñata is almost 50 ft tall.
The Grand Canyon is one of the distinct sections of the Colorado Plateau.
The Grand Canyon is a combination of new and old sections.
The Grand Canyon is 70 million years old.
The South Rim of the Grand Canyon is one of the highest elevations on average.
Williams, Arizona is the gateway to the Grand Canyon.
The North Rim is for outdoor enthusiasts.
Grand Canyon's Hopi Point is a popular stop for sunrise & sunset viewing.
Hopi Point is located along Hermit Drive.
Hopi Point also has beautiful rock formations.
Go to Powell Point for lesser crowds.
Powell Point got its name from a U.S. Geologist.
The Yavapai Geology Museum is in Yavapai Point.
Yavapai Point is one of the most visited spots at the Grand Canyon.
The Desert View is best for sightseeing.
The Desert View has a nice watchtower.
Mary Colter was the architect of the Desert View Watchtower.
The Bright Angel Point is famous in the North Rim.
Many people die in the Grand Canyon every year.
It attracts millions of visitors per year.
There are many activities tourists can do at the Grand Canyon.
It's not "ideal" to visit the Grand Canyon during the summer.
It is the second most popular national park in the U.S.
There are a lot of different animal species living in the Grand Canyon.
There are mountain lions in the Grand Canyon.
There are 6 species of rattlesnake in the Grand Canyon.
Grand Canyon's Arizona bark scorpion is the most poisonous scorpion in North America.
There are California condors in the Grand Canyon.
There are a lot of coyotes in the Grand Canyon.
Mule deer usually live in the South Rim of the Grand Canyon.
The Grand Canyon has over 20 bat species.
The ring-tailed cat is the state mammal of Arizona.
One of the biggest lizard species lives in the Grand Canyon.
Most visitors see the Grand Canyon from the South Rim.
The vehicle permit costs around $35.
The motorcycle permit costs about $30.
The Individual Permit costs $20 per person.
Permits are valid for 1 week.
The annual pass is less than $100.
It's not recommended to do outdoor activities between 10 am to 4 pm.
Make sure you're well packed if you plan to roam the Canyon throughout the day.
Multiple search and rescue operations are very common.
About 800 people already died in the Grand Canyon.
You can create your itinerary in the Grand Canyon.
Pets are allowed in the Grand Canyon.
There are no dams inside the Grand Canyon.
It became a National Park in 1919.
The South Rim is very accessible.
The Grand Canyon Airport is in Tusayan, Arizona.
The Grand Canyon Airport is one of the busiest airports in Arizona.
There is limited public transportation going to the North Rim.
The weather in the Grand Canyon can be unpredictable.
You can find a lodge inside the National Park.
Reservation at the Phantom Ranch should be made 15 months in advance.
You can use a raft to go to the Phantom Ranch.
Native Americans lived in the Phantom Ranch a long time ago.
The Pueblo people grew some crops at the Grand Canyon.
Mule riding is more than a century year-old tradition.
Hiking the Grand Canyon is not your typical mountain trek.
The Grand Canyon Village has an institute that offers classes and tours.
The Grand Canyon Association Field Institute is your best choice if you don't know what to do.
The average hiking speed in the Canyon is 1.6 kmph.
It is not advisable to go for an adventure alone.
David Whittlesey is a Grand Canyon survivor.
Hikers should drink 4L of water per day.
Clean drinking water is only accessible in a few areas.
The South Rim is filled with family-oriented activities.
Kids are eligible to become a Junior Ranger.
Both the North and South Rim are an excellent spot for stargazing.
There is a star party in the Grand Canyon.
The Grand Canyon Skywalk is in Eagle Point, sitting at the edge of a side canyon.
The Grand Canyon is not the deepest canyon on earth.
There are no dinosaur bones in the Grand Canyon.
There are several rare ancient marine fossils in the Grand Canyon.
There are only a few species of fish in the Grand Canyon.
Trout is often the most popular fish to catch in the Grand Canyon.
There is a town inside the Grand Canyon.
The Grand Canyon has around 1,000 hidden caves.
The Kolb brothers established a big photography business in the Canyon.
The Kolb brothers also lived in the Grand Canyon.
The National Park preserved the Kolb brothers' historic photography studio.
Be careful with rock squirrels if you're going to visit the Grand Canyon.
Some of the rocks in the Grand Canyon has a huge age discrepancy.
The Grand Canyon's air is one of the cleanest in the U.S.
Each year, 40,000 people hike in the back country.
Thousands of boat rafters row the Colorado River each year.
Rafting in the Colorado River can give you a different outlook on life.
Rafting Colorado River can cost you thousands.
The Federal Aviation Administration is "born" because of the Grand Canyon.
Researchers discovered hundreds of prehistoric split-twig figurines in the Canyon.
Tourism in the Grand Canyon picked up gradually.
It is the 11th biggest national park in the U.S.
You can find more than 1,700 plant species in the Grand Canyon.
An American soldier once predicted that the Grand Canyon will remain as a wilderness.
Benjamin Harrison is one of the first politicians to seek protection for the Grand Canyon.
Taylor Nowlin and Jim Walmsley hold the record for the fastest Rim-to-Rim-to-Rim hiking time.
You can organize your dream wedding at the Grand Canyon.
The Grand Canyon leads all the parks in lighting strikes.
There is a historic cemetery in the Grand Canyon.
The Grand Canyon also bolsters the US economy.
Greenland is home to the world's largest ice sheets.
Greenland was granted Home Rule.
You can find 3 UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Greenland.
There are no direct flights to Greenland.
You can't find roads in Greenland.
Greenland's main mode of transportation is boats.
Greenland's land area is more than enough for its scarce population.
Greenlandic words are common in the English language.
Traditional food in Greenland comes from hunting.
Greenland's national dish is soup.
Greenland experiences warm summers.
There are many hot springs in Greenland.
Greenland is rich in history.
It's impolite to call Greenland citizens Eskimos.
Fishing and whaling are regulated in Greenland.
Greenland has a vibrant capital.
Museums are a must in any Greenland itinerary.
Greenland considers the Summer Solstice a national holiday. 
The Midnight Sun is a once in a lifetime experience in Greenland.
Qaqortoq in Greenland has been home to many for 4,300 years.
Greenland has the best Norse ruins.
Golf lovers will enjoy Greenland.
Greenland's Coat of Arms is symbolic.
Ice sheets in Greenland are melting through the years.
Greenland has no more than 3,000 registered cars.
Norwegians were led in Greenland by a Viking.
A Norse settler from Greenland first discovered North America.
Greenland's temperature regularly fluctuates.
Pirates possibly drove away Greenland's earliest settlers.
The US wants to purchase Greenland.
Greenland women play a huge role in society.
Many natural resources can be found in Greenland.
President Trump has also expressed interest in buying Greenland. 
The Thule Air Base in Greenland was approved in 1950.
The Air Base expansion forced villages to move.
Greenland is home to many bird species.
Rubies from 2.9- 3.1 billion years ago were found in Greenland.
Protestantism dominates Greenland.
Greenland's traditional Inuit religion focuses on a Sea Goddess.
Seafood is popular in Greenland.
Greenland coffee comes in a unique blend. 
Greenland was worth 1 billion dollars.
You can see the northern lights in Greenland.  
Gunnbjørn Mountain is Greenland's highest point.
Cape Farewell is an important landmark in Greenland.
Ice sheets in Greenland can reach over 3,000 meters thick.
Greenland has 3 time zones.
There are three main Greenlandic dialects.
Greenland has a difficult language.
Planning is not common in Greenland.
Sermermiut is a popular destination in Greenland.
Greenland has an impact crater.
Greenland celebrates National Day.
There were once Greenlandic coins and banknotes.
Aside from fishing, Greenland takes pride in its other trades.
Although tourism is booming, mass tourism is not yet a thing in Greenland.
Travelers usually come to Greenland to experience 5 things.
People in Greenland do not have dogs as pets.
Pigs don’t sweat much.
Pigs wallow in mud or water to cool down.
Their sense of smell is highly developed.
Pigs nudge their snouts for various reasons.
Traditional truffle hunters use pigs to find truffles.
Pigs were first domesticated in ancient times.
They are highly social animals.
Pigs can deceive their fellow pigs.
Pig squeals can get very loud.
Pigs also communicate through body language.
They are surprisingly intelligent.
Pigs need to play.
Pigs have episodic memory.
Many pig breeds exist.
One pig breed is known for its sheep-like coat.
Pigs don't like being picked up.
Mother pigs build nests.
Mother pigs sing to their piglets when feeding them.
They can display empathy.
The death of a pig once caused a war.
Pigs were also used in war.
Giant pigs used to run rampant on Earth.
Pigs sleep almost as much as humans.
Pigs are valuable in research.
They could potentially become organ donors to humans.
They run fast.
Pigs have relatively small lungs.
The skulls of wild pigs change shape upon domestication.
Afghanistan is home to only one pig.
Like the other major Greek gods, Poseidon got swallowed whole by his father.
Seafarers once relied on Poseidon for the safety of their journey.
The Trevi fountain includes a sculpture of Poseidon.
Poseidon is also worshiped as a god of navigation. 
Poseidon is considered a god of fertility by some.
The coastal town of Pylos have cults dedicated to Poseidon. 
Poseidon felt more at home in the ocean than in Mount Olympus.
The dolphin is one of the many symbols that represent Poseidon.
Poseidon had sexual relations with Aphrodite.
Poseidon is the father of Orion. 
Like many Greek gods, the origins of Poseidon’s remain unknown.
Poseidon is often seen carrying a trident.
The cult of Peloponnesus worshiped Poseidon as a horse. 
Some Bronze age Greek tablets state that there was a feminine version of Poseidon. 
The temple of Poseidon was put up in 440 BC.
Scholars consider Poseidon as one of the most powerful Olympian gods. 
Poseidon is typically portrayed with wet, curly hair. 
Sea creatures pulled the chariot of Poseidon instead of horses. 
Traditionally, Poseidon is said to have caused most of the occurring earthquakes in Greece.
Poseidon was saved from his father’s stomach by his brother Zeus. 
Athena competed with Poseidon for the ownership of the city of Athens. 
Poseidon ruled over the oceans after defeating Cronus.
The Pegasus is one of the children of Poseidon.
Poseidon is rumored to have created the horse. 
Poseidon owned a palace made of jewels under the sea. 
Polybotes and Poseidon were once at war with each other. 
Poseidon had a half-human half-fish son.
The wife of Poseidon is Amphitrite. 
Poseidon has several preserved sculptures located globally. 
Alexander the great once prayed to Poseidon for safe voyages. 
Three elder cyclopes made Poseidon's trident. 
This trident is also used by the US Navy Seals. 
Poseidon had many children.
The trident of Poseidon is used as a universal symbol of the sea. 
Seafarers would offer horses as sacrifices to Poseidon. 
Poseidon’s trident can be found on the flag of Barbados. 
In 1989, Poseidon’s son was featured in The Little Mermaid. 
Poseidon often forced himself onto his consorts. 
One of Poseidon’s sons is a cyclops.
Poseidon had sexual relations with Medusa. 
Poseidon has also made sexual advances on mortal women. 
Poseidon was said to be raised by Telchines on the island of Rhodes. 
It is said that Poseidon won his ruling over the sea through a game of dice. 
Poseidon had an active role during the war against Troy.
Poseidon had a long feud with Odysseus who nearly blinded his son. 
There is an ancient text that finds Poseidon responsible for epilepsy. 
Ozonolysis is the process in which disrupts rubber polymer in elastic materials.
The colours in fireworks are made possible by using different salts with different metals.
Glow sticks are from a basic catalyst and dye mixed together when cracked.
Basic soaps use a form of fatty acid carboxylates when made.
People use soap for cleaning because its molecules trap dirt in the centre of its compound when in water.
The density of ice is 10% lower than that of water.
Only 25% of the population can smell the effect of asparagus in urine.
It is possible to turn lead into gold.
The pain we feel from the venom of wasps and bees is due to the enzymes in the venom breaking down our cells.
The proteins found in meat denature when exposed to heat.
Dissolving salt in water can make it's melting point go down up to -20 degrees Celsius and lower.
You need to exceed temperatures of 1000 degrees Celcius to burn a diamond.
The sun's heat comes from continuous nuclear fusion reactions.
Uranus is rich with flammable gasses.
If you increase the pressure enough, you can cool liquid water below 0 degrees Celsius.
The ozone layer handles the absorption of most of the ultraviolet radiation from the sun.
An atom is more than 99% plain empty space.
Cleaning your hands with bleach turns the fatty acids on your hands into soap.
Atomic force microscopy techniques make the viewing of atoms possible.
There are more water molecules found in a bucket than the estimated number of grains of sand on the planet.
The human body is the cause of metallic smells found in coins and other metals.
The estimated number of moves possible in a single game of chess is greater than the total number of atoms in the universe.
The use of chemical processes have been in use since 1000 BC.
Gallium has a crystal structure that is more abnormal compared to most metals.
Most metals do not absorb photons that are on the visible light spectrum.
There are an estimated 170,000 metric tons of gold available on the planet.
The first nature-made elements have formed after the Big Bang.
Mosquitoes are more likely to bite women.
Hydrofluoric acid is the least acidic but remains the most dangerous.
Astatine is the least abundant element found on earth.
The heaviest element is osmium.
Diamonds are the hardest material found on earth.
Talc is the softest material found on earth.
Approximately 20% of the human body is carbon.
Goldfish are capable of seeing a fourth primary colour which is tetrachromate.
Organisms with tetrachromacy are called tetrachromats.
Lightning can reach temperatures exceeding 30,000 degrees Celsius.
Frogs are able to absorb moisture from their skin.
The hardest chemical found in the human body is enamel.
You can find helium underground.
The only known substance that cannot freeze at atmospheric pressure is helium.
Forest fires spread faster uphill.
Mole day celebrates the Avogadro constant.
Rotten eggs float in water.
Copper and some other metals have antibacterial properties.
Plants release a growth hormone called Ethylene.
Different flame colours can also mean different degrees of heat.
Glass is an amorphous solid.
Mars appears red to the human eye due to the iron oxide particles that suspends its atmosphere.
It is extremely difficult to achieve to have two atoms of the same elements that are exactly the same.
You can burn metals such as thermite.
Water is blue for a reason.
Glass is an amorphous non-crystalline solid. Crystals present an ordered arrangement of its microscopic components.
Balloons will only float when they are filled with gasses that are lighter than air.
Nature can create ozone by natural occurrences of lightning and sunlight.
The hydrogen atoms in our bodies are approximately 13.7 billion years old.
Human blood is red due to the hemoglobin in our bodies.
Dry ice is the term we use for frozen carbon dioxide.
Inhaling helium will cause your voice to travel through your vocal cords quicker.
Dmitri Mendeleev created the periodic table.
If you were to pee in space, it would vaporise and turn into a gas immediately
In its normal state, oxygen is colorless, odorless, and tasteless.
Without saliva to dissolve food molecules in your mouth, you would not be able to taste anything.
Adding salt to water increases its density levels.
The composition of diamonds was discovered during the 18th century.
Water expands during freezing due to the hydrogen bonding in the water.
You can freeze air using liquid helium.
Robert Boyle pioneered the idea of absolute zero.
Sweating is our body's natural way of cooling itself.
Drinking approximately 6 litres worth of water in a short amount of time can cause injuries or death.
Sodium Azide is a toxic substance that can be found in the airbags of cars.
A rubber tire is made up of only one molecule.
Chalk contains trillions of microscopic skeleton fossils of plankton.
A common ingredient used in making lipstick are fish scales.
Lemons contain more sugar than strawberries.
Air can become liquid at -190 degrees celsius.
Peanut oil is a common ingredient in making dynamites.
Lobster blood is colourless until exposed to oxygen.
Freezing saltwater or seawater will result in freshwater ice.
Sound travels 4.3 times faster than air.
You can find egg coffee in Vietnam.
There are 10 types of green tea.
The term T-shirt first appeared in a novel in 1920.
The most visited website in the world is YouTube.
A&W is the oldest fast food restaurant chain.
Female komodo dragons can reproduce without a mate.
There are more than 3 million shipwrecks on the ocean floors.
Marshmallows used to be a delicacy for gods and royalty.
The first Disneyland opened in 1955.
Everyone with blue eyes are related.
The headquarters of the United Nations is in New York City.
😂 is the most popular emoji.
The Titanic took 2 hours 40 minutes to sink.
The national flag of Nepal is the only non-rectangular flag in the world.
The youngest mother in history was only 5 years old.
Beer cans in Japan are stamped with Braille.
The word “Tip” originally meant “To Insure Promptitude”.
The Grand Canyon is more than 1-mile deep.
A clownfish can change its gender.
The name of the CPR dummy is Annie.
Australia has more than 10,000 beaches.
Brazil is 5 times larger than Alaska.
The youngest Nobel Prize winner is Malala Yousafzai.
RSVP stands for “Respondez, s'il vous plait”. 
Star Wars debuted in 1977.
Gone With The Wind is the highest-grossing film.
Juliet is 13 years old in the play Romeo and Juliet.
The longest living insect is the termite queen.
The short form for the word ‘number’ is called the numero sign or numero symbol. 
Monday is the first day of the week.
Jupiter has the shortest days in our Solar System.
Snake Island in Brazil is a snake island, literally.
Antarctica is classified as a desert due to its low rainfall.
The Three Wise Monkeys have names.
Earth has experienced 5 mass extinctions.
Solitaire was introduced to Microsoft by an intern.
The Simpsons are not exactly as young as they look!
Moon trees originated from seeds which travelled to the Moon and back.
There are more than 1000 editions of the Monopoly board game.
The creator of I ❤️ NY designed the logo in the back of a taxi.
IBM created the first Smartphone.
Nokia's epic come back?
Technological updates can be costly.
From 2008 to 2019, Android already has 17 updates.
Jaap Haartsen invented the Bluetooth.
The Green Revolution started in the early 1900s.
The Green Revolution is now reaping dividends.
The technology of nuclear power plants is commonly used for steam turbines.
Nuclear bombs are one of the most advanced technological weapons.
Nuclear fission's process usually includes the isotopes of uranium or plutonium.
Nuclear fusion is a reaction in which two or more atomic nuclei.
Tsar Bomba is the most powerful nuclear weapon.
Four nuclear physicists from Russia designed the Tsar Bomb.
The North American X-15 is the fastest aircraft.
The Tupolev TU 144 was the fastest commercial airline.
The technology of robotics is getting better and better every year.
Artificial intelligence is the future.
Ancient Greece used rail transport as early as the 6th century BC.
For over 500 years, the technology of the train system continues to get better.
Car manufacturers are eyeing for fully-autonomous vehicles.
Peugeot Citroën successfully created a self-driving car.
Google is using self-driving cars in Silicon Valley.
Using self-driving cars has a lot of advantages.
The technology in this era will dramatically change.
Today, the young and old generations are more open to the latest technology.
The technology of virtual reality is not just for entertainment anymore.
Intelligent Apps are designed to make everyday tasks much easier.
Our current technology is far away from perfect, but it will always strive to get better.
MyFitnessPal is a mobile app that can save your fitness problems.
MyFitnessPal's technology gives its users the optimal chances of staying fit.
SpaceX, Boeing, and Virgin Galactic are pioneering aerospace tourism.
The space tour can be expensive and relatively risky with our current technology.
Robert Thomas Bigelow is building an inflatable space hotel to orbit the moon.
Bigelow Aerospace is on track for its target.
The development of humanity in outer space is starting.
There is a future for "Space Sports".
Every single person, every single astronaut that has been to outer space says they completely changed as a result.
NASA's 1977 technology holds the record of the farthest spacecraft from earth ever sent by a human.
Voyager 1 is already more than 11 billion miles away from us.
Voyager 1 continues to travel at the speed of 62,140 kilometers per hour.
Thomas Edison started the use of electricity in the 1870s using Direct Current.
Nikola Tesla brought the Alternating Current technology to George Westinghouse.
Thomas Edison launched black propaganda to discredit Alternating Current.
GE or General Electric was born out of the fierce competition of electric wars.
Hydropower generates more than 16% of the world's total electricity.
Solar power continues to get better.
Wind energy provides mechanical power through wind turbines.
GMO uses the technology of genetic engineering techniques.
E-waste is the garbage of technology.
A person is unable to detect smells when they suffer from anosmia.
Bromidrophobia is the term used for the fear of body odors.
Cerumen is the medical term used to refer to ear wax.
Borborygmus is the sound your stomach makes when you are hungry.
The average person has around 250 hairs per eyebrow.
Fingers don't have muscles that help movement.
Fingernails grow approximately 3 millimetres per month which are twice as fast as toenails.
There are over one hundred thousand hairs found on the average scalp.
The human ears and nose do not stop growing.
Messages from the human brain travel along nerves at a speed of 200 mph.
The femur is the largest bone located in the human body.
The human body has over 35 trillion cells.
Having chromesthesia allows you to hear colours.
The Uvula translates to grape in Latin.
Your dead skin ends up in the atmosphere.
The little finger contributes 50% of our hand strength.
The human genome is extensive.
Our skeletons renew themselves.
The word muscle means little mouse.
The thighbone is the longest bone in the body.
You would not be able to count the number of nerve cells in the human brain in one lifetime.
The human bone is stronger than steel.
Only 12% of the population are left-handed.
The bumps on your tongue are not the taste buds.
A person’s feet has an average of 500,000 sweat glands.
In one lifetime, a person produces 25,000 quarts of saliva.
Your eyelids have the thinnest amount of skin on your body.
The only organ in the human body that can completely regenerate is the liver.
An adult’s step takes up a lot of muscle movement.
The space between the eyebrows has a name.
The average human processes 100,000 pounds of food in a lifetime.
An adult human’s blood circulates about 12,000 miles a day.
In a lifetime, the average person walks 100,000 miles in total.
Humans consume a lot of water.
The lining of your stomach replaces itself constantly.
The lifespan of eyebrow hair lasts an average of 4 months long.
Emetophobia is the fear of vomiting.
Our bum crack is medically referred to as the intergluteal cleft.
Four-legged animals also have these muscles and use them for pushing forward when running.
The reproductive system allows humans to reproduce.
The urinary system allows the human body to expel waste product called urea.
Humans have five vital organs in total.
The immune system exists to defend our bodies from bacteria.
The muscular system consists of 650 muscles.
206 bones make up the skeletal system.
The brain functions as the control center of the human body.
The lungs remove oxygen from the air we breathe.
The largest lymphatic organ in the body is the spleen.
The body’s bone marrow produces white blood cells.
T-cells mature in a small organ called the thymus.
Brushing your teeth too hard is bad for you.
Goosebumps are a state of the skin caused by cold, fear, or excitement.
Wisdom teeth have no purpose.
Scientists have yet to figure out why we yawn.
Humans are the only beings on earth that have chins.
Most of the air you breathe goes out from your nostrils.
The human body experience rigor mortis after dying. 
The human nose is capable of detecting over 1 trillion smells.
A human being can live with only one kidney.
When you crack your knuckles, it isn’t your bones that make the sounds.
8 different interwoven muscles makes up the tongue.
All human beings are 99% identical.
A surgical procedure that removes fear from your brain exists.
The pineal gland got its name from its shape.
Our hair grows incredibly fast.
No one understands why we have fingerprints.
Blushing is due to a reaction of the sympathetic nervous system.
Your brain is active even when you are asleep.
Your left lung is not as big as the right lung.
The human teeth are as strong as a shark’s teeth.
Our brains have a memory capacity.
The human embryo develops fingerprints within 3 months of conception.
A person will forget their dreams 90% of the time.
A child can ask over a hundred questions a day.
You can lose weight from the smell of bananas.
Human lips are very sensitive.
A passionate kiss can cause the same chemical reaction as skydiving.
A person will always be taller in the morning than in the evening.
You cannot sneeze with your eyes open.
The most prominent symptoms of coronaviruses are respiratory symptoms.
Respiratory droplets carry human coronaviruses from an infected person to people nearby.
It is advisable to avoid close contact with people who are showing symptoms.
Diagnosis of coronavirus infections requires special laboratory tests.
The Coronaviridae family has a subfamily named Orthocorinavirinae.
4 out of the 7 CoV types cause respiratory infection.
2 out of the 7 CoV types can cause severe respiratory infections.
The discovery of the 7th type was not until 2019.
SARS-CoV surfaced in China back in 2002.
SARS-CoV most likely originated from bats.
Bats reportedly contain a broad range of coronaviruses.
MERS-CoV cases trace back to residence or travels in and near the Arabian Peninsula.
The main source for MERS-CoV was dromedary camels.
The majority of MERS-CoV cases sprung from human-to-human infections in healthcare settings.
MERS-CoV could thrive on plastic and metal surfaces for up to 48 hours.
The coronaviruses are sensitive to heat.
The H5N1 or bird flu is another type of virus that humans acquire from animals.
The U.S. government issued a traffic advisory at level 4 for the COVID-19.
Airlines from all over the world imposed a travel ban in an attempt to contain the spread of COVID-19 from Wuhan.
Latest COVID-19 Facts
Half of the original human DNA comes from viruses.
Not all viral proteins are bad.
Most of the viruses embedded in our DNA are already extinct.
A large DNA-based virus once took residence inside a bacterial cell.
Some prehistoric viruses are believed to have played a role in our autoimmune diseases.
It is harder for naked viruses to break open host cells.
There are 2 main virus types.
Viruses can remain dormant in a host body for years.
Retroviruses are commonly used in gene therapy.
Some viruses use proteins from humans to infect cells. 
Everything your mind says has an equivalent reaction from the cells in your body.
Sarcasm is a sign of a healthy brain.
‘Catching a yawn’ shows empathy.
Tears indicate the reason for one’s crying.
A person still has 7 minutes of brain activity upon dying.
The length of your tongue tells something about your sexual curiosity.
The way you dress has a connection with your mood.
A single negative thing could be only be outweighed by at least five positive things.
Food made by someone else tastes better than your own cooking, despite having the same recipe.
You tend to believe only what you want to believe, unintentionally.
Your memories are easy to manipulate.
Thinking in another language makes your decision sound more rational.
Asking ‘Will I?’ is more motivating than saying ‘I Will.’
A rule too strict would only get you to break more.
Your dreams are more meaningful than your conscious thoughts.
Having a plan B would only make plan A less likely to work.
Fear is an actually good feeling if you are not really in danger.
You tend to care more about a single person rather than about massive tragedies.
You would prefer anticipating something bad over not knowing what to expect.
Returning a favor is in your nature.
Being tested on things help you remember them better.
You obsess over things which you feel you lack.
You are in a constant search for human faces in inanimate objects.
You always find a problem.
People would rather alter facts than change their opinions about people.
High expectations incline people to rise to it while low ones have no such effects.
Crying has benefits.
It is possible to feel certain about something without facts or reasoning.
Some people are afraid of feeling too much happiness.
There is a reason why that song is your favorite.
Smart people tend to depreciate themselves.
The pain from being ignored is not an overreaction.
Being lonely is worse for your health than you actually think.
Psychology facts proved that power lessens a person’s care for others.
Receiving rewards could convince you that a boring task was fun.
Your brain gives less importance to long-term deadlines.
Optimism could be taught.
Psychologically speaking, there is more behind an internet troll.
What considered normal anxiety levels has increased over the years.
People aged between 18 and 33 carry the most amount of stress in the world.
France is the most depressed country in the world.
Artists from creative fields have an 8% greater chance to suffer from bipolar disorder than those from less creative ones.
A broken heart could be a legitimate cause of death.
The influence of power could have the same effect on a person as that of a traumatic brain injury.
Your addiction to social media is the result of its psychological scheme.
There is a psychological reason why you felt that your phone vibrated when there is actually no notifications.
If you think that your idol is in love with you, there is a huge chance that you are suffering from a mental illness.
Some people live their life as if they are in a reality TV show.
Getting your hopes too high for Paris could give you a mental health disorder.
Local culture is one of the factors that affect hallucinatory voices.
Hikikomori is a common mental health condition in Japanese males.
Narcissistic Personality Disorder occurs in about 6% of the population.
A person with Narcissistic Personality Disorder often also suffers from depression or anxiety.
Tylenol a.k.a. acetaminophen is not only good for physical aches, pains, and fever.
Antidepressant drugs carry more than just sexual side effects.
There is a psychological reason behind your urge to go to the beach when you need a vacation.
Paranoia has its opposite disposition.
People tend to value objects more when they assembled it by themselves, even just partially.
Leonardo Dicaprio’s movie ‘Inception’ highlighted ideas from psychological scientists.
A man named Billy Milligan had 24 personalities.

In Ancient Egypt, peasants had beer for breakfast.
The earliest breakfast foods did not have meat. 
A traditional Korean breakfast still has many side dishes. 
China has the highest consumption of eggs in the world.
Turkey consumes the most bread in the world. 
Russian breakfast traditionally includes caviar.
Continental breakfast originated from Britain.
Morocco eats the most cereal in the world.
A typical breakfast in Brazil has cake.
Wine used to be the Roman breakfast drink.
Raw leeks used to be a Lebanese breakfast staple.
A traditional Jamaican breakfast features a dish with poisonous fruit.
A Dutch breakfast features sprinkled toast.
Peru has a breakfast drink made of fish juice.
Spanish menudo was created as a breakfast hangover cure.
Swiss breakfast mainly includes oats and yogurt.
Tofu makes up a core part of Japanese breakfast.
The Romans made the very first pancakes. 
Maple syrup didn’t come from Canada.
Waakye is a timeless breakfast staple in Ghana.
Most Thai breakfast foods are rice-based.
A typical Australian breakfast incorporates Vegemite.
Breakfasts in Mexico are bound to be spicy. 
A classic Ethiopian breakfast features a savory dough.
Kaya toast is a Singaporean breakfast staple. 
Traditional English breakfast has a blood-based dish.
Arepas are a Venezuelan breakfast must-try.
Canada takes credit for the lumberjack breakfast.
Baguettes are a French breakfast staple. 
A Tunisian breakfast features a spicy soup. 
Soy milk is the go-to Taiwanese breakfast drink. 
Italians take their espresso seriously.
Ukranian pancakes have a special ingredient. 
Filipino breakfast heavily incorporates fried rice.
Croissants are a standard in Austrian breakfasts.
Costa Ricans drink sugar for breakfast.
Ecuadorian breakfasts have a trademark orange juice.
The traditional Turkish breakfast drink lets you have a taste of orchids.
A traditional Himalayan breakfast includes yak butter tea.
The Carney brothers started to franchise their business after a year.
The Carney brothers sold Pizza Hut to PepsiCo in 1997.
Pizza Hut co-founder Dan Carney also served as a chairman for a non-profit organization.
PepsiCo also sold Pizza Hut after 20 years to Tricon Global Restaurants.
Pizza Hut is not directly listed in the stock market.
The longest-operating Pizza Hut restaurant was in Aggieville, Manhattan, Kansas.
Closing Aggieville Pizza Hut was one of the toughest decisions for the company.
The first Pizza Hut pizza was delivered in a three-wheeled scooter.
The first Pizza Hut restaurant became a museum.
Pizza Hut Perfume exists.
The Pizza Hut Perfume started from a joke.
There is a Twitter account that posts pictures of the former Pizza Hut restaurants.
Pizza Hut started its Book it! campaign in the mid-'80s.
Pizza Hut's co-founder Frank Carney joined to another pizza company.
Papa John's "took advantage" of Pizza Hut's legal claims in the '90s.
Pizza Hut wanted their logo to appear on the moon.
Pizza Hut was the first pizza company to deliver in outer space.
The best selling Pizza Hut pizza is the Mozzarella Stuffed Crust Pizza.
Pizza Hut's second best-selling pizza is the Supreme Pizza.
Bacon Spinach Alfredo Pizza uses a different kind of crust.
Pizza Hut released the Chicken-Bacon Parmesan Supreme Pizza in 2014.
Pizza Hut collaborated with IKEA to create the Swedish Meatball Pizza.
Pizza Hut popularized the pan pizza.
Pizza Hut offers gluten-free pizza.
Pizza Hut store types vary with location.
Yum Brands China was established in 2015.
Pizza Hut is one of the largest food chains in India.
Pizza Hut used to have a mascot.
Pizza Hut joined the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' concert tour and album release.
The company created 'Pizza Hut Electric Kids Oven' for kids.
Pizza Hut paid more than $1 million for a 30-foot-wide ad.
Pizza Hut Vegan pizza launched in 2017.
Pizza Hut UK created Vegan Jack and Cheese Pizza.
Pizza Hut once offered an engagement package on Valentine’s Day.
The engagement package also included a dinner box.
Pizza Hut is one of the world's biggest cheese consumers.
There are many theories for Pizza Hut's name.
Pizza Hut became Pasta Hut on April Fools’ Day.
Pizza Hut New Zealand offers "vitamin pizza."
Pizza Hut started its rebranding in 2014.
Pizza Hut changed its slogan several times.
Pizza Hut's current slogan says it all.
Several organizations recognize Pizza Hut as one of the most influential brands.
Pizza Hut helps farms.
Pizza Hut launched its iconic logo in 1967.
Pizza Hut decided to bring back its old logo in 2019.
Pizza Hut plans to close 500 stores by 2021.
Some Pizza Hut restaurants offer buffets.
Pizza Hut has tried a unique restaurant concept before.
Pizza Hut created an Italian Bistro concept.
Richard D. Burke designed Pizza Hut's vintage “Red Roof”.
A Chicagoan architect created the famous Pizza Hut building style.
Pizza Hut sponsored the movie Back to the Future Part II.
Pizza Hut offered “Solar Shades” as a promotional item for Back To The Future II.
Pizza Hut slices pack a lot of calories.
Pizza Hut's Veggie Lover’s Small Thin ‘n Crispy offers a healthier alternative.
Pizza Huts launched its Wingstreet menu in 2003.
The Naked Bone-In Wings has around 80 calories per serving.
Most Pizza Hut branches keep their pasta menu simple.
Pizza Hut serves different desserts depending on its location.
Pizza Hut has several low sodium dishes.
The Original Pan Backyard BBQ Chicken Pizza is good for a low-fat diet.
Pizza Hut's Small Hand-Tossed Hawaiian Chicken Pizza is a low-carb option.
Pizza Hut's Cheese Personal Pan Pizza only has 3g of sugar.
The Meaty P’Zone of Pizza Hut is one of the least nutritious alternatives you can eat.
Pizza Hut UK offers free vouchers for late deliveries.
One of the world's greatest football coaches worked at Pizza Hut once.
Bill Parcells worked for Pizza Hut in his college years.
The former First Lady, Barbara Bush ordered the first Pizza Hut delivery to the White House.
Pizza Hut restaurants can have a "second life".
"Used To Be Pizza Hut" also has a website.
A woman once escaped a hostage situation by using the Pizza Hut mobile app.
Mikhail Gorbachev appeared in a Pizza Hut commercial.
Pizza Hut Moscow was an instant success.
Donald Trump also starred in a Pizza Hut commercial.
Pizza Hut casts many famous personalities for its commercials.
Pizza Hut earned a Guinness World Record as the “Highest Altitude Pizza Delivery”.
Pizza Hut offered golden pizzas for Super Bowl's 50th anniversary.
Pizza Hut holds a National Pizza Championship each year.
You can watch Pizza Hut's old training video on YouTube.
Pizza Hut reached its 100th country in 2016.
Pizza Hut has raised money for Tanzanian schools.
Pizza Hut uses 7 million pounds of pepperoni per year.
Pizza Hut continues to introduce new toppings.
Pizza Hut creates a menu out of the home town's favorites.
Pizza Hut Hong Kong released the Blockbuster Box in 2015.
Pizza Hut grew popular in a time where franchising was still unheard of.
Pizza Hut's initial fee for franchising was $100 and a monthly royalty of $100.
Some of the first Pizza Hut franchisees were college friends of the Carney brothers.
Pizza Hut created a huge pizza thrower in 2014.
Pizza Hut launched its Stuffed Cheez-It in 2019.
Pizza Hut's partnership with Kellogs enabled them to create a plant-based topping.
Pizza Hut recently launched its Garden Specialty Pizza.
Pizza Hut sneakers can be used to order pizza.
Pizza Hut partnered with major sports teams in 2015 and 2018.
Pizza Hut has faced backlash for its unhealthy menu items.
Since the controversy, Pizza Hut has reduced sodium content by 15% for all menu items.
Internet Explorer 1 had the codename “O’Hare”.
Internet Explorer 2 sought to emulate Netscape Navigator.
Internet Explorer was a key player in the browser wars.
Internet Explorer was once one of the most widely-used browsers.
Microsoft made Internet Explorer difficult to uninstall.
Some websites can only be viewed in Internet Explorer.
Microsoft got in trouble for bundling Internet Explorer with Windows 95.
Internet Explorer played a role on why web browsers are free.
Microsoft was sued for unlawful monopoly because of Internet Explorer.
Internet Explorer 4 still had lots of users 11 years after its release.
Internet Explorer apparently had a hidden Easter egg.
Some Microsoft employees dumped an Internet Explorer logo in front of Netscape’s building.
Microsoft spent a lot of resources on Internet Explorer.
Internet Explorer popularized favicons.
Internet Explorer was available on various devices.
Internet Explorer gained another competitor by 2004.
There is a law in South Korea that requires people to use Internet Explorer for e-commerce.
Internet Explorer had some significant security issues.
Internet Explorer has an official anime mascot.
Internet Explorer took five years for Internet Explorer 7 to come out.
Internet Explorer 8 struggled to keep up with competition.
An online retailer in Australia implemented an “Internet Explorer 7 tax”.
Microsoft made a video poking fun at Internet Explorer.
Internet Explorer 9 was actually efficient.
Google Chrome overtook Internet Explorer in 2012.
Internet Explorer 11’s performance was on par with Google Chrome.
Microsoft Edge will take the place of Internet Explorer.
The final version to be released is Internet Explorer 11.
The Apollo 11 patch was an eagle landing on the moon.
Buzz Aldrin took a holy communion on the moon.
Buzz Aldrin kept his ceremony secret because of a lawsuit.
President Nixon had a speech prepared in case the Apollo 11 mission failed.
The Apollo 11 space mission happened 66 years after the invention of the Wright Flyer.
Some pieces of the Wright Flyer were inside the spaceship.
Around 400,000 people worked together to complete the Apollo missions.
The moon smells a lot like gunpowder.
It was difficult to plant the flag on the moon.
The flag also was difficult to transport.
The Apollo 11 lunar module was called “Eagle”.
Columbia orbited the moon 30 times.
The astronauts had difficulty getting life insurance.
Buzz Aldrin peed his pants on the moon.
It took more than three years to make the Apollo 11 space suit.
The space suit was designed by a lingerie company.
Buzz Aldrin almost forgot to place the Apollo 11 goodwill messages on the moon.
The Apollo 11 crew left behind a patch honoring the Apollo 1 crew.
The Apollo 11 crew ate packaged meat and vegetables during the flight.
Apollo 11 did not land at the planned landing site.
Armstrong first walked on the moon 6 hours and 39 minutes after landing.
Scientists performed animal experiments with the moon rocks.
They were low on gas when they landed on the moon.
Neil Armstrong’s heart rate rose to 150 during their perilous descent.
Your smartphone is more powerful than the computers involved in the mission.
Neil Armstrong’s “one small step” was above a three-foot hop.
Aldrin had to make sure they wouldn’t lock themselves out of the lunar module.
There were a total of 20 Apollo missions planned.
The Apollo program was costly.
A Soviet spacecraft crashed on the moon while Armstrong and Aldrin were there.
President Kennedy was not interested in space.
Buzz Aldrin had to file an expense report for the Apollo 11 flight.
The Apollo 11 command module was as big as an SUV.
The Continental Congress did not issue the Declaration of Independence until July 4.
Both the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution were signed in Philadelphia.
The 4th of July did not have common celebrations until after the War of 1812.
On June 14, 1777, the Continental Congress passes the resolution of the first official American flag.
The U.S. flag has had 27 different official versions.
The first signee of the Declaration of Independence was John Hancock.
3 of the Founding Fathers and U.S. Presidents died on the 4th of July.
President Zachary Taylor almost became a 4th of July casualty, too.
Calvin Coolidge was the only U.S. President born on the 4th of July.
The Liberty Bell rings 13 times every 4th of July in honor of the 13 original states.
Fireworks, live gunfire, and military cannons have long been part of the 4th of July.
Into the mid-19th century, artillery salutes and cannon blasts defined 4th of July celebrations.
The oldest 4th of July parade occurs in Bristol, Rhode Island.
The first Horribles Parade took place on July 4, 1851, in Lowell, Massachusetts.
Macy's 4th of July Fireworks Show holds the biggest fireworks display of the holiday.
4th of July only had less than two-dozen attendees in the 1785 celebration.
Trump’s 4th of July speech broke decades of tradition.
Massachusetts was the first state to recognize the 4th of July as a holiday.
Denmark hosts the largest 4th of July celebrations outside the U.S.
Chemist Max Henius led the group that came up with the 4th of July celebration.
The place later became the Rebild National Park, Denmark’s first national park.
The 4th of July sales are a more recent thing on the 4th of July facts.
Among the other federal U.S. holidays, the 4th of July generates the highest beer sales.
In 2018, Americans reportedly spent $6.9 billion on the 4th of July food.
Americans consume approximately 150 million hotdogs on every 4th of July.
Since 2014, Americans splurge over $1 billion on fireworks every 4th of July.
Japan codenamed the attack on Pearl Harbor as Operation Z.
Japan didn’t actually want to go to war with the United States.
The USA drew the line at Japan’s occupation of French Indochina in 1940.
Admiral Yamamoto considered the attack on Pearl Harbor a gamble.
The attack on Pearl Harbor was only part of a bigger plan.
The shallow water of Pearl Harbor presented problems for Japan.
Japanese pilots received orders to prioritize their targets in the attack.
Japan used 3 different models of carrier aircraft during the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Some Kate torpedo planes received special weapons for the attack on Pearl Harbor.
None of the US Pacific Fleet’s aircraft carriers were at Pearl Harbor during the attack.
Japan actually declared war before the attack on Pearl Harbor began.
American codebreakers received the Japanese declaration of war at the same time as the embassy.
The Americans were already on alert when the attack began.
The American focus on preventing sabotage proved disastrous for their ground-based planes.
The American focus on preventing sabotage also proved disastrous for their anti-aircraft defenses.
American radar actually picked up the incoming Japanese.
The attack on Pearl Harbor was on a Sunday.
The Japanese missed 1 airfield.
USS Arizona suffered the worst damage out of any ship in Pearl Harbor.
The highest-ranking casualty of Pearl Harbor was from the USS Arizona.
The USA never attempted to repair the USS Arizona.
The USA built the Arizona Memorial in 1962.
Oil slowly leaks out of the USS Arizona to this day.
The USS Oklahoma suffered almost as much damage from the attack.
Like the USS Arizona, the USN never repaired the USS Oklahoma.
The other battleships sunk at Pearl Harbor all returned to duty over the following years.
The Japanese plan originally called for 3 attack waves.
President Roosevelt made the Infamy Speech after Pearl Harbor.
America declared war against only Japan.
The Americans kept a grudge for the Pearl Harbor attack.
Pearl Harbor’s targets also proved misguided.
America actually prioritized Germany in WWII.
Japan finally surrendered on September 02, 1945.
Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia on July 28, 1914.
Leaders of Austria-Hungary feared intervention from Serbia’s ally Russia.
Wilhelm obscurely pledged support on July 5, 1914.
Serbia appealed to Russia for support.
Balkan problems persisted through the war.
It was the Central Powers vs. the Allied Powers.
The Central Powers operated under the Schlieffen Plan.
Germany sprung into World War I by fighting on two fronts.
German troops crossed Belgian borders on August 4, 1914.
Germany captured Liege on August 15, 1914.
The Battle of Tannenberg began in late August 1914.
The First Battle of the Marne took place on September 6-9, 1914.
The Allies succeeded in eliminating Germans out of France.
Germany lost the Battle of the Marne.
Russia and France discredited Germany’s Schlieffen Plan.
Russia never made it past the German lines.
Germany’s advances were pushed as far back as to the north of the Aisne River.
The Battle of Verdun was the longest battle of the war. 
The Battle of Somme was the bloodiest battle.
Russia’s defeat on the battlefield stirred problems within the country.
Russia’s Czar Nicholas II received the hostile end of the issues.
The Russian Revolution brought an end to their WW1 participation.
Russia and the Central Powers signed the armistice at 11 am on 11/11/1918.
The United States prepared for war in February 1917.
Woodrow Wilson declared war on April 2, 1917.
The US Army drafted 2.7 million men by the end of WW1.
The Ottoman Empire only joined the Central Powers by late 1914.
The Allied Powers attempted to conquer the Gallipoli Peninsula in April 1915.
Young Winston Churchill resigned from his post in 1916.
The First Battle of Isonzo sparked in the late spring of 1915.
A total of 12 battles took place along the Isonzo River.
The Battle of Caporetto happened in October 1917.
The Battle of the Dogger Bank took place in January 1915.
The Battle of Jutland was WW1’s biggest naval engagement.
World War I forecasted the crucial role of aircraft in military conflicts worldwide.
British tanks were identified as male or female.
“Landships” was the original name for tanks.
Artillery fires and mines were loud enough to be heard up to 140 miles away.
The Royal Air Force was created on April 1, 1918.
The Second Battle of Marne saw the last German offense in the war.
The fall of 1918 witnessed the dramatic fall of the Central Powers.
Austria-Hungary started falling from within on November 4, 1918.
Germany was last to seek the armistice on November 11, 1918.
A total of four empires crumbled after WW1.
The Allied leaders held the Paris Peace Conference in 1919.
The Treaty of Versailles was signed on June 28, 1919.
World War I was known for many names.
World War I ranks 3rd deadliest wars in history.
Many military conflict technologies debuted during World War I.
Dogs served as messengers in WWI.
Pigeons also carried messages between the front lines and the headquarters.
WW1 propaganda posters helped in the transmission of information to the public.
The War Propaganda Bureau was in charge of the design and distribution of propaganda posters in Britain during the early years.
It became centralized through the Government from 1916 onward.
The Allied Powers, the victors, lost almost 6 million soldiers.
An additional 21 million more were wounded.
Frank Buckles was the last living US WW1 veteran.
Buckles only served as a driver for the US Army ambulance in Europe at first.
He was a victim of World War II as well.
The Pool of Peace is 12 meters deep.
Manfred Albrecht Freiherr von Richthofen of Germany was hailed most successful pilot.
René Fonck of France came in second.
The 31st US President Herbert Hoover was appointed Food Administrator during the war.
Some soldiers had no choice but to spend the rest of their lives in nursing homes.
A British author worked as intel for the Allies in the Middle East.
The Russian troops were the largest army in the war.
German U-boats sunk a total of 6,596 ships in the duration of WW1.
Germans built their trenches to last, unlike the British did.
A total of 1,200,000 soldiers from both sides were gassed.
About 30 different types of poisonous gasses were used during the war.
Trench warfare gave numerous soldiers post-traumatic stress disorder.
African Americans also served in WW1.
The Germans demonstrated skills in intercepting and deciphering codes from the Allies.
If there WW1 brought any good into the world, it was the liberation of women and African Americans.
Peter Jackson’s WW1 film “They Shall Not Grow Old” features World War I footage that’s centuries old.
The Titanic Was the Largest Ship of Its Time
The Titanic Was Built in Belfast, Ireland
Only 2 People Died during the Construction of the Titanic
The Titanic Did Not Have Nearly Enough Lifeboats for All Its Passengers
Almost Two-Thirds of the People on Board the Titanic Died
Some Titanic Passengers Made it off the Shipwreck
Cancellations Saved Many Lives That Would Have Been Lost on the Titanic
Just 37 Seconds Passed between the Sighting of the Iceberg and the Collision
Both the Ship’s Captain and First Officer Went Down with the Ship
One Conspiracy Theory Claims the Titanic Tragedy Was an Insurance Scam
A 30-Second Delay Was Responsible for the Sinking of Titanic
The Iceberg That Sank the Titanic Has Been around for about 3,000 Years
A First Class Ticket Would Cost around $70,000 Today
The Musicians Played for 2 Hours and 5 Minutes as the Ship Sank
The Wreck of the Titanic was Only Discovered in 1985
The Titanic has Inspired Many Movies
The Titanic’s Interior Resembled the Ritz Hotel in London
The Titanic Wasn’t Very Environmentally Friendly
The Sinking of the Titanic Was Predicted 14 Years before It Actually Happened
The Titanic Was Especially Unlucky for Some of Its Passengers
Titanic Facts – Facts about the RMS Titanic Summary
Laurene Powell is the wife of Steve Jobs.
The Bite in the Apple, by Chrisann Brennan was an autobiography about the author's relationship with Steve Jobs.
Steve Jobs has 3 daughters and 1 son.
Steve Jobs denied paternity to Lisa Brennan-Jobs.
Steve Jobs left Lisa Brennan-Jobs a multimillion-dollar inheritance.
Erin Jobs is the eldest daughter of Steve Jobs to his wife Laurene Powell.
Eve Job is the youngest daughter of Steve Jobs.
Reed Jobs is the only son of Steve Jobs.
Steve Jobs was an adopted child.
Steve Jobs is half Arab.
The adoptive parents of Steve Jobs are Paul and Clara Jobs.
The main requirement to adopt Steve is that he should be taken care of by two college-educated people.
Steve Jobs has 2 siblings.
Steve met his biological sister at the late age of 31 years old.
Steve Jobs was bullied at his school in Crittenden Middle School, California.
When Steve Jobs was 13 years old, he took a summer job from Bill Hewlett.
Steve Jobs is linked to Buddhism.
Steve Jobs traveled to India in mid-1974 to explore spiritual enlightenment.
Without the "Two-Steves", Apple would not have existed.
It came as a partnership of Wozniak the "creator" and Jobs the "seller".
The "Two-Steves" started from nothing.
The Apple I is a desktop computer designed and hand-built by Jobs' business partner, Steve Wozniak.
Apple 1's original retail price was $666.66.
Steve Jobs' vision is to fill all houses with computers.
Steve Jobs wants to make computers more attractive aesthetically.
Apple II raises the standards of computers in June 1977.
Steve Jobs first encountered the mouse in Xerox.
Apple is not a "walk in the park".
Apple faced fierce competition from Microsoft.
Due to Apple's downfall, Steve Jobs was fired.
Steve Jobs founded a new company right after Apple fired him.
Apple without Steve Jobs' presence is doing no better.
The board of directors from Apple asked Steve Jobs to come back.
Steve Jobs needs a fast solution to save Apple.
Steve Jobs eventually saved Apple with a good plan.
Steve Jobs' plan earned Apple a $150 million investment from Bill Gates.
Steve Jobs pushed innovations beyond computers.
Steve Jobs takes on "another direction".
Apple is one of the most powerful companies on earth.
Here are some inspiring quotes from Steve Jobs.
Angela Ahrendts is the highest-paid executive in American multinational technology company Apple.
In 2005, Angela Merkel became the first female Chancellor of Germany.
Beata Szydło served as Prime Minister of Poland following the Law and Justice victory in 2015.
Christine Lagarde became the first woman to become the Finance Minister of France 2007-2011.
Condoleezza Rice was the first woman to become National Security Adviser 2001-2005.
In Africa, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf was the first female to be elected for President.
Emmeline Pankhurst was imprisoned 13 times, making her known across the globe.
Erna Solberg is Norway's Iron Erna.
Audre Lorde believed in the power of language as a form of resistance.
Gloria Steinem was the co-founder of Ms. Magazine, the world's first feminist magazine.
Helle Thorning-Schmidt was the first female Prime Minister of Denmark.
Indra Nooyi was the first woman to lead PepsiCo, Inc.
Janet Yellen was the first female head of the Federal Reserve of the United States.
US history had Loretta Lynch as the first African-American female attorney general 1999-2001.
Madeleine Albright was the first woman to serve as Secretary of State of the United States in 2000.
Malala Yousafzai was the youngest Nobel Peace Prize recipient in 2011.
General Motors Chairman & CEO Mary Barra brought the flatlining automaker to future success.
Maxine Waters became the 2nd African-American elected to Congress in 1990.
Melinda Gates co-founded the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation charity.
Michelle Bachelet was Chile's first female president.
Michelle Obama was the first African-American US first lady.
Nancy Pelosi was the first female speaker in the US House of Representatives.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg is the founder of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) Women's Rights Projects.
Sonia Sotomayor was the first Hispanic to serve as the Supreme Court Justice of the US.
Jacinta Ardern is the world's youngest female head of government.
Ilhan Omar is the first woman of color elected from Minnesota.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is the youngest woman to serve in the US Congress.
Sonia Gandhi is a consistent supporter of human and women rights.
Toni Morrison was the first African-American receiver of a Nobel Prize.
Educator and politician Tsai Ing-Wen was Taiwan’s first female president.
Of all the US Presidents, only 8 of them are left-handed.
Only 3 out of 45 US Presidents have been impeached.
Four US Presidents have been assassinated while in office.
Outside of assassination, 4 other US Presidents died of other causes.
Some US Presidents were preserved in memory by being on US currency.
The 4th of July is a significant date in US history.
John Adams’ final words were “Thomas Jefferson survives.”
The first US President George Washington did not attend college at all.
George Washington is and will remain to be the highest-ranking member of the US military.
In 1798, John Adams passed the creation of the United States Marine Band.
3rd US President Thomas Jefferson designed the swivel chair.
Aaron Burr, Thomas Jefferson’s Vice President, killed a man while in office.
The 4th US President James Madison is the shortest president.
5th US President James Monroe is the last President from the Founding Fathers.
After Washington, James Monroe was the only US President to run without serious opposition.
James Monroe is the only person to have held 2 cabinet positions at once.
6th US President John Quincy Adams was known for his hobby of skinny-dipping.
Andrew Jackson was the only US President to have been a former prisoner of war.
Martin Van Buren was the first President that was born an official US citizen.
9th US President Henry Harrison served the shortest presidential term with only 31 days.
10th US Pres. John Tyler fathered the most known children by any president with 15.
James K. Polk was often labeled as the first ‘Dark Horse’ President.
12th US President Zachary Taylor did not learn about his nomination for weeks.
Millard Fillmore was the last President unaffiliated with the Democratic or Republican parties.
Millard Fillmore was a US President who ‘lived the dream of teenage schoolboys.’
Franklin Pierce was ranked Brigadier General despite never serving the military before.
James Buchanan was the only president who remained a bachelor for life.
The 15th US President has been known to regularly buy slaves in Washington, D.C. 
16th US President Abraham Lincoln holds the record for the tallest president.
Abraham Lincoln was the only US President to have a patent.
Andrew Johnson was dubbed as the ‘Best-dressed President.’
Ulysses S. Grant lacked any political experience prior to his presidency.
Rutherford B. Hayes was the first and only president elected by a congressional commission.
Hayes was the only president that the Civil War has wounded.
James Garfield became a president of a college before being the 20th US President.
James Garfield was ambidextrous.
21st US President Chester A. Arthur held the first-ever White House yard sale.
Benjamin Harrison was the first president to enjoy electricity in the White House.
In 1889, Harrison put up the first White House Christmas tree.
Grover Cleveland was the only US President to serve 2 non-consecutive terms.
Frances Clara Folsom became the youngest first lady when she married Cleveland.
In 1897, William McKinley delivered the first filmed presidential inauguration.
Theodore Roosevelt was the youngest President to serve.
The 26th US President also fell victim to an assassination attempt.
William Howard Taft was the heaviest US President.
The 27th US President swore 2 other Presidents into power.
Woodrow Wilson was the first president to make a live remote national radio broadcast.
The $100,000 bill displays Woodrow Wilson’s face.
Warren G. Harding worked as a newspaper reporter before becoming the 29th US President.
While in office, Calvin Coolidge is the first president to visit Cuba while still in office.
The 30th US President has a reputation for being a tough boss.
Herbert Hoover was already a self-made millionaire before becoming president.
Hoover wrote the first presidential biography for another president.
Hoover's son had 2 pet alligators.
Franklin D. Roosevelt is and will remain to be the only US President to win 4 terms.
33rd US President Harry S. Truman survived an assassination attempt in 1950.
Dwight D. Eisenhower was the first US President to oversee all 50 states.
Eisenhower was one of the US Presidents who served in the military.
John F. Kennedy was the youngest elected President.
JFK donated all of his congressional and presidential salaries to charities.
Lyndon B. Johnson almost died in World War II.
Despite serving various administrative positions, Richard M. Nixon never saw combat in the Pacific.
Nixon was the first president to visit a nation not recognized by the American government.
Gerald R. Ford was the only president who was not elected by the US voters.
Before becoming president, Gerald R. Ford was once a fashion model.
39th US President James Carter received a Nobel Peace Prize in 2002.
James 'Jimmy' Carter filed a UFO sighting report in 1973.
Ronald Reagan was the oldest President to be elected.
Reagan received the Most Nearly Perfect Male Figure Award in 1940.
George H.W. Bush shared the longest marriage of any first couple with his wife.
Bush survived a plane shooting incident in September 1944.
42nd US President William 'Bill' Clinton won 2 Grammys.
Mathematics supports Clinton's charm.
George W. Bush is the only president who has ever run a marathon.
"Dubya" Bush was captain of the cheerleading team of his alma mater.
44th US President Barack Obama won 2 Grammy Awards.
Barack Obama was the 2nd president to take the Oath of Office 4 times.
Donald J. Trump is the owner of 18 golf courses across the globe.
At one point, Trump partly owned 3 major beauty pageants.
R. Nixon and F. Roosevelt were the only people who appeared on a national presidential ticket 5 times.
We can see Fibonacci numbers in everyday life.
November 23 is Fibonacci Day.
Leonardo Pisano is the original name of Leonardo Fibonacci.
Leonardo Fibonacci demonstrated the benefits of numbering.
The Fibonacci sequence has a relation to the Golden Ratio.
We can find the Fibonacci sequence in the origin of a drone bee.
You can also find Fibonacci Numbers in other natural settings.
Leonardo Fibonacci wrote Practica Geometriae.
Finance uses Fibonacci Retracement.
The historic book Liber Abaci was by Leonardo Fibonacci.
The recovery of Leonardo Fibonacci's autobiography.
Leonardo Fibonacci contributed to the Number Theory.
Fibonacci has proved and defined several mathematics concepts.
Leonardo Fibonacci contributed to the spread of decimal numbers.
The Index number factor has Fibonacci Numbers' influence.
The work legacy of Leonardo Fibonacci continues.
The numbers of Fibonacci inspired the Golden Spiral.
Fibonacci Sequence is also used in music.
The Fibonacci numbers are used in pop culture. 
Adolf Hitler Dodged the Draft
Hitler Is Responsible for at Least 11 Million Deaths
Adolf Hitler May Have Had a Son
The Phrase “Sieg Heil” Was Inspired by Cheerleaders
Hitler Spent Time in Prison
Hitler Was a Hypochondriac
Hitler Loved to Play Jokes
Hitler Was a Vegetarian
Hitler Committed Suicide
Whistling Was Hitler’s Hidden Talent
Hitler’s Mood Was Affected by His Dog
Hitler Was a Fan of Shirley Temple
Hitler Had a Dental Phobia
Hitler Tried to Kill Sir Winston Churchill With Chocolate
Adolf Hitler Facts – Facts about Adolf Hitler Summary